 Bokuto notices him the moment he walks in. It's impossible not to – the guy's tall and he snaps a picture of the coffeeshop right after getting past the door, blinding Bokuto with the flash and making him rub his eyes and blink.“The hell?” he hears some other customer say.The newest visitor doesn't seem to care about the heads that turn to look at him and his camera, merely starts making his way towards the counter as he adjusts the collar of his jacket.He's beautiful.“I'm gonna date that,” Bokuto declares solemnly, and Kuroo throws a plastic spoon at his head.“Way too out of your league.”“Probably straight too,” Lev offers with a yawn, head resting on his folded arms behind the cash register. He rises it just enough to take a peek. “Nice camera though.”Bokuto straightens his dark orange apron, puffs out his chest to make sure his name tag is visible, and runs his fingers through his hair to spike it higher. By the time the customer is in front of him, Bokuto is already welcoming him with one of his best smiles – big but not overkill, just the right side of charming and gentle.The customer does not seem charmed at all.“I'll have some tea,” he says, eyes quickly scanning the menu behind Bokuto, though it seems out of habit than anything else, his gaze never stopping long enough to really consider any of the very varied, carefully thought out drinks of Nekoma's. “Simple. No sugar.”“Aw, come on,” Bokuto says, smile widening. “You go to a coffeeshop to ask for tea?”The guy stares at him. “Yes.”“...Alright then.” Bokuto's shoulders fall a little under that blank, unimpressed expression, and Kuroo politely turning his head to snicker does not help. Neither does Lev, who straightens up with a smirk in what is clear interest to see Bokuto's attempt at flirting crash and burn. “What's your name?”“Akaashi.”“A simple, no sugar-ish tea it is, Akaashi.”While Akaashi pays for his drink, Bokuto writes on the cup, Hey hey hey Akaashi, I'm Bokuto, but you can call me Any Time, with his phone number a lazy scribble that he hopes comes off as casual and endearing. Akaashi takes his drink after it's ready, his eyebrows rise near his hairline as he reads Bokuto's thoughtful message, and he goes find himself a table where he can calmly drink his tea and adjust the lenses of his camera.He does not, in fact, call Bokuto that night, or any time during the week and a half it takes him to come back.       This time Bokuto sees the flash before he sees Akaashi, and he blinks it away with a ball of dread sinking his stomach. He's carrying the same camera, the strap hooked around his shoulder, and an umbrella under his arm, even though it hasn't rained in at least two weeks as far as Bokuto knows.Bokuto groans, ducking behind the counter and lightly punching Lev in the leg.“Take this one for me,” he whispers.“No way,” Lev replies with a big grin that reminds Bokuto a lot of Kuroo, and really, why did he ever introduce them? “That's not my job, senpai. You take the orders, Kuroo makes the drinks, I charge. Up you go.” He waves at someone at the other side of the counter. “'Sup.”“Hi,” Akaashi replies politely.Bokuto tries to get up as gracefully as possible. He hits his head on the counter and curses as tears of pain pool in his eyes.“Hey.” Play it cool. “Let me guess, tea again?”Akaashi nods, and Bokuto can tell he's surprised that he remembered his order from nearly two weeks ago, eyes widening if only a little. His fingers are absent-mindedly adjusting his camera, brushing over it with a gentleness bordering on devotion. It reminds Bokuto of the way he's seen players holding volley balls right before a serve; Akaashi must either be a professional photographer, or on his way there.As Kuroo makes the tea, Bokuto can't really stop himself from asking, “What's with the umbrella? It's like, the nicest day out there.”Akaashi looks up. “A project for my class.”“Let me guess again. Photography?”“I've carried worse things,” Akaashi says, shrugging the shoulder that isn't holding his camera's bag. “The umbrella is okay.”Bokuto is curious about the mysterious worse things, but the rejection from those weeks before still holds him back a little, makes him feel unusually shy and at loss of what to say. He's grateful that Kuroo hands over the tea only a minute later, this time with a simple Akaashi written on the cup, and as Bokuto passes it to Akaashi he notices how cold his fingers are as they brush his own. It's a perfectly sunny day, so Bokuto can only assume he's one of those people with permanent cold hands regardless of the weather or season, which he finds himself envying a little. He loves putting his hands under his unsuspecting friends' sweaters when they're cold in winter days, Kuroo being the the most usual victim, though Lev's screams are louder and better.Akaashi walks away with his drink and goes sit at the same table from before, and Bokuto pointedly does not stare at him (maybe there's a little staring going on, but that's at Akaashi's back when it's safe to do so). Kuroo pats him on the shoulder.“Aw cheer up, there's plenty of other fish in the sea. Fishes without umbrellas on sunny days.”“Go away, jerk,” Bokuto mutters, his dejected mode starting to activate. “Why did you let me give him my number? We're not supposed to ask customers out, it's bad for the business and stuff. You should have stopped me.”“You just looked so smitten,” Kuroo replies with a smirk, poking Bokuto on the stomach. “Seriously though, he looks really boring anyway. I bet all he can talk about is photography and maybe some pretentious shit about museums and books. You can do better than that, my friend.” He throws an arm around Bokuto's shoulder and pulls him close.“Yeah,” Bokuto says, thoughtful. “Yeah!” he repeats, encouraged.“Well, the boring and pretentious guy is staring at you right now,” Lev says, stretching his arms over his head and looking taller than anyone should have the right to while sitting down.Bokuto immediately turns to check, stomach doing a weird funny thing, and certainly there it is: Akaashi is drinking and looking straight at him from over his cup of tea, brows a little furrowed. As soon as he realises Bokuto is looking back, though, he drops his gaze, and he does not look up again. There's no way he could have heard them from all the way over there, but Bokuto wants to apologise anyway, wants to walk up to Akaashi's table and tell him he doesn't think Akaashi is boring or pretentious at all, even though the umbrella is kind of weird. But that's okay; Bokuto likes weird just fine.“Go over there,” Kuroo tells him. “This is your chance.”“I thought you said he was boring and pretentious.”“Maybe he is.” Kuroo shrugs. “But he's hot, and you need to get laid.”“I second that,” Lev adds, helpful. “The getting laid part, not the hot part. He's alright, but too tall.”Kuroo and Bokuto both turn to look at him in incredulity.“What,” Lev says defensively. “I like short guys!”Bokuto swallows hard. He risks another glance at Akaashi and their eyes meet across the coffeeshop. This time, he does not look away as quick as before, holding Bokuto's gaze without shielding an inch.“Okay, okay,” Bokuto says with a sigh. “I'll go if he keeps looking after a while.”“Coward,” Kuroo says under his breath, and Bokuto punches him in the arm.“Asshole.”“Owl head.”“Bedhead.”“That's true.”Three other customers come in, highschool girls in their uniforms that couldn't be older than fiftteen, and Bokuto offers them a bright smile as he hands them their cappucinno, iced tea and espresso, which has them giggling as they mumble their chorus of thank you's. Really, Bokuto loves his job. He likes working with Kuroo and Lev, even if they don't stop him from flirting with hot customers that are definitely going to turn him down, and he likes learning about new drinks because some day he'd like to make them, if Kuroo leaves this job before Bokuto does. The money is alright, the schedule fits his classes nicely, most customers are nice, and he gets free coffee. Yeah, he definitely likes this job.Akaashi is drilling a hole into his head, Bokuto is so aware of his piercing eyes focused on him. He walks up to the counter to ask for another tea and that quiet, intense gaze has Bokuto messing up his name and apologising and offering to get him another cup.“It's alright,” Akaashi says. He fingers his camera's strap and speaks so low Bokuto has to lean in to hear him. “I have an offer.”“Oho?”“Shut up, Kuroo.” Bokuto chucks a sugar packet at Kuroo and turns to Akaashi again. “My shift is over in half an hour if you can wait. We kind of have an audience.” As if on cue, two customers walk in, a couple holding hands and laughing.“I'll wait.” Akaashi nods and goes back to his table. This time it's Bokuto drilling a hole into his back, he can't get his eyes off him.“Nice,” Lev says, grinning.“Good job,” Kuroo adds, ruffling Bokuto's hair.Bokuto is not so hopeful. If Akaashi wanted anything to do with him, he'd have called at some point, surely. He had taken with him the paper cup with Bokuto's number on it, so it's not like Bokuto could make himself feel better by believing Akaashi forgot to save his number, or threw the cup into the trash can and then ended up regretting it.He takes off his apron when it's seven o' clock, and resists the temptation to look at himself in a spoon's reflection to check if his hair is okay. Akaashi probably just wants to ask if there's a spot available for another barista at the coffeeshop, or maybe offer Bokuto to hang out as friends. It wouldn't be the first time that happens; that's how Kuroo and him met, actually, when Bokuto first came to the shop as a customer and asked the barista with the feline smirk out, only for Kuroo to turn him down but tell him that he thought Bokuto was cool and his weekend-casual volleyball team was just in need of a new player, if he was interested. Maybe Akaashi will be Bokuto's new friend. Bokuto is more than okay with that. There's always space for more friends, and he doesn't have anyone that talks to him about photography and maybe books and museums, which isn't really pretentious as far as Bokuto is concerned.Akaashi's finished his second cup of tea by the time Bokuto approaches him and sits down in front of him, trying not to fidget. Okay, so maybe it'll take a little time to get used to being friends with the prettiest guy he's ever seen, if that's the route Akaashi takes.“So, uh. Hi.”“Hi,” Akaashi replies, serious. “Thanks for coming,” he says, like Bokuto is the customer visiting his shop. “First of all, before telling you, I'd like to say that you don't have to say yes out of compromise, if you're the kind of person to do that. I need someone willing and serious about it. It'll be better for me that you refuse if you aren't convinced.”“Okay?” Bokuto says, and it comes out sounding like a question because really, by this point he has no idea what to expect. Sadomasochism? It's always the quiet ones, they say. Some manga club? He doesn't seen any anime stickers on Akaashi's camera. “Shoot.”Akaashi breathes in deeply. “I need someone as a model for several weeks for a project. I'm about to graduate from my photography class and my last assignment is taking pictures of someone else every day for a month, with certain conditions to meet; nothing out of the ordinary, and you don't have to actually model. You seem...” He purses his lips, thoughful. “Ideal for it, I guess.”“Oh.”“I would pay you, of course. We can discuss how much as soon as you want, if you accept.”Bokuto whistles and folds his arms over the table.“Interesting,” he says, and it really is. “Okay, sure.”Akaashi narrows his eyes at him.“Really? I still have some days left before the project starts, you can think about it.”“Nah,” Bokuto waves a hand dismissively. “I need the extra cash and it sounds fun. As long as your last day's photo isn't murdering me and taking a picture of my body hanging from a hook in your basement, I'm in.”“Ah,” Akaashi says, eyelashes casting shadows on his face as he lowers his gaze. “Deal's off then.”It takes Bokuto a moment to get it, and then he's throwing his head back and laughing hard, genuine. He shakes his head as he recovers, smiling wide at Akaashi. That deadpan expression only makes it better and Bokuto laughs some more.“I'm more than in. Tell me when to start.”They walk out of the coffeeshop together five minutes later, Akaashi explaining in more depth what the project is about and what his goals are and how he expects Bokuto to work with him, and he only stops when he gets his camera out and takes a picture of a cat standing on a tree, the day's last rays of sunlight reflecting on its black fur and the orange leaves.        “So, he's like. Taking pictures of you. Every day.”“Yeah.”“Just the two of you alone, wandering around the city.”“Yup.”“And he's said... what was it? That you're a good model and he'd like to keep working with you in the future if you're willing and available?”“I think so, yes.”“Damn.” Kuroo blinks. “That's something.”Bokuto sighs very loudly for dramatics' sake. “Tell me about it, dude.”        Akaashi Keiji is twenty-two and his photography course is a hobby for him, is the first thing Bokuto learns about him. He's studying graphic design, focusing on an extra side-class of Visual Advertisement, and sometimes he likes to combine business and pleasure using the pictures he's taken in his free time for his college projects. He's the quietest person Bokuto's ever met, except maybe for Kuroo's boyfriend Kenma, and his humour is the deadpan, dry kind that always hits Bokuto like a punch in the stomach and steals the breath out of him between thunders of laughter.He has the nicest hands Bokuto's ever seen, too. Long fingers, pale and delicate, that hold his camera against his face at the perfect angle – Akaashi knows what he's doing. There's a mole on one of his knuckles and he does something with his wrist as he finishes taking a picture and puts his camera away, some sort of elegant twist, that steals the breath out of Bokuto just as effectively as that dry sarcasm, but without the laughter and a lot more uncomfortable longing low in his belly.The first week goes as well as it can, while they try to adjust to each other, learn how to interact and work together to make it productive days. Akaashi comes pick Bokuto up when his shift at the coffeeshop is over and they walk together to whatever place Akaashi has planned for his picture of the day – so far it's been the park (thrice), a train station (once), in the middle of the street when Bokuto didn't even know Akaashi was going to take a picture (twice), and the front gates of Bokuto's old highschool (once, too). Bokuto's instinct wasn't wrong when it told him that this would be fun; there's a bit of awkwardness at first, when Bokuto doesn't know what face to make or how to stand to make Akaashi's picture a good one, but Akaashi is patient and guides him through it with that calm voice of his that is almost like a tender caress for Bokuto's nerves.He really likes Akaashi. He's kind and doesn't get angry with him when Bokuto ruins a picture by blinking or sneezing; under that collected exterior he's all quiet, intense love for the photography he cares so much about, and wrenching a smile out of him feels a bit like winning the biggest prizes at festivals (and takes just as much effort). Neither of them mention that first day when Bokuto gave him his number in the lamest attempt of flirting known to mankind -as Kuroo and Lev have come to call it- but there's no hard feelings about it, or awkwardness. Bokuto is starting to think that he should have been more subtle and less brutal about it. Akaashi doesn't seem like he's very experienced in the subject of flirting or dating, or being social in general, so it's no surprise that Bokuto's advances had met a wall of no response whatsoever.Akaashi is, first of all, a very good photographer.“Hey, that's a nice one,” Bokuto says, looking at the most recent picture, the one Akaashi's just taken of him talking on the phone with Kuroo without him even knowing. Bokuto is grinning wide in the photo, face scrunched up in an exasperated but fond expression, gesturing with his left hand at nothing in particular. He looks happy and open and somewhat charismatic.“Day eight's subject is friendship,” Akaashi says, nodding pleasantly. “The condition was no other people allowed in the picture.”“A hard one,” Bokuto says with raised eyebrows. The previous days' subjects and rules had been pretty general and easy enough, technical things like the kind of lightning or zoom to apply.He's liking this side-job more than he'd anticipated. Akaashi had said there was no actual modelling involved and he hadn't been lying, most of the pictures are casual and take no longer than a minute or two to stage, if at all. He wants Bokuto to act natural, just be himself and ignore the lens, and that's easy for him, who isn't particularly surroundings-aware and has never really been camera-shy anyway.“What's tomorrow's key word?” Bokuto asks, curious.“I don't know.” Akaashi is still looking at the newest picture, surely adding filters and layers in his mental Photoshop, maybe cropping some unnecessary inches. “I check day by day.”Ah, right. Photography's about being spontaneous and ready for whatever new the day will bring, or something like that. Bokuto nods knowingly.“Yeah, good plan.” He puts his hands in his pockets as they reach his home. “Come say hi by the shop tomorrow, I need some witnesses in case you weren't joking about the hook in your basement.”“Very funny, Bokuto-san.”“Really, though, I'll get you a drink on the house. Or more like, on the money you're giving me, how's that sound?” He nudges Akaashi playfully and gives him a two-finger salute. “See ya. Don't stay up all night tweaking the picture, if those bags under your eyes got any bigger they could carry your camera for you.”“I'll order some coffee,” is Akaashi's dry reply. Then: “I don't really have a basement.”       Akaashi does order that coffee. Black, of course, and all three of them are horrified.“Amazing,” Bokuto breathes out, watching Akaashi drink from the cup that says Best Employer Ever with an owl perched on the E. It's wearing glasses and carrying a camera. Really cute, Bokuto would call it his masterpiece.“How the fuck,” is Kuroo's terrified comment.“A true hero,” Lev adds, awed.Kuroo passes Akaashi at least seven sugar packages over the counter, closing his eyes in a pained expression.“Please,” he says. “I can't watch this. Put yourself out of your misery.”Bokuto wishes his friends were a little bit less embarrassing, though not really. Kuroo makes him a milkshake and tells him he'll cover your sorry gay ass while you flirt with your boss low enough to go unnoticed by Akaashi, though not by Lev, who nods along encouragingly.“I didn't think you were going to actually come,” Bokuto tells Akaashi as they sit down, honest. He feels a bit silly with his apron still on, but the milkshake is good enough to make up for that.“I like this place.” Akaashi looks around. “Too bad my pictures didn't capture it properly.”“Even I know that this lightning is awful for pictures, let alone that ugly flash. No offence.”“That was the point. Our previous project was about making beginner's mistakes, and then fixing them with Photoshop. I'll show you the end result sometime. I think it came out looking pretty decent, and so did the professor.”They keep talking, about photography and Akaashi's iron palate to tolerate black coffee and Bokuto's hair, but his mind is somewhere far away, far behind, stuck on that sometime, on the fact that Akaashi is not planning on ditching him and never showing his face again once their month working together is done. He'd said so before, when he said Bokuto was a good model and they could maybe try working again some day, but that was vague and blurry, some possibility far beyond today. This is real. Bokuto's hands feel tingly and weird and he wipes them on his apron under the table.Akaashi leaves half an hour later, and he takes the paper cup with him, even though he's finished his coffee. At Bokuto's questioning raised eyebrow, he shrugs and says, “It's a cute owl.”Kuroo whistles as Bokuto comes back to the counter.“That's the face of a broken man.”“I'm so fucked,” Bokuto says.       The later half of the second week is harder, because Akaashi needs better lightning for his pictures and he prefers outdoors, which means picking Bokuto up after his shift is done at seven doesn't really work. They try to juggle and compromise, what with their classes and Bokuto's job, and they end up agreeing on meeting first thing in the morning to take the picture as soon as the sun is out and helpful, so early that Bokuto is tempted to quit only to have a couple of more hours of sleep.He hasn't even had time to do his hair. It makes him a bit irritated, though he already feels better when he sees Akaashi waiting for him across the street, camera bag hooked across his shoulder. It's clear at first sight that he's not a morning person; his hair is ruffled (though it isn't even close to rivaling Kuroo's bedhead), his eyes are half-closed and he doesn't reply the first three times Bokuto calls out his name, the last one when they're so close their feet are nearly touching. It's sort of cute in that sleepy, dead-inside kind of way. Bokuto grins lazily and they start walking.He wonders what Akaashi would say if Bokuto told him that the reason he didn't get much sleep, apart from the ungodly hour he had to wake up to, is that he couldn't stop thinking about Akaashi's hands as he adjusts the lenses of his camera, the way his eyes narrow and focus right before snapping a picture, the bob of his Adam's apple as he drank his black coffee from hell.He'd probably take a photo and save it for a day with a key word about being pathetic or something, Bokuto thinks, and pushes his hair away from his forehead with a sigh.“You're quiet today, Bokuto-san,” Akaashi says.“Yeah,” Bokuto replies. He's so tired. He wants to go back to his bed and maybe take Akaashi with him as a pillow, which speaks volumes about how bad he has it, because Akaashi is sort of skinny and he doesn't look very pillow-y at all. “Yeah.”        “I don't like this job anymore,” he complains, near the end of week two.“Rude,” Kuroo says distractedly, in between making drinks and passing them to him.Bokuto hands the orders to the customers and rubs at the back of his neck when they're gone to find a table.“Okay, I lied. I like it too much. Too much.”“Aww, love you too, bro.”“Senpai,” Lev says, munching on a donut. “If it helps, I think Akaashi likes working with you too.”He points at the door, no discretion whatsoever, and Bokuto turns to see Akaashi entering the shop.He's wearing a plaid shirt with the sleeves rolled up that nearly has Bokuto salivating, and this time he orders his usual tea, the corners of his mouth turning upwards when he sees the owl wearing goggles and piloting a little plane Bokuto drew for him.“Why is it on a plane? Owls can fly on their own.”“Christ, I don't know, just go with it.”And when an hour later Akaashi gets up and gets ready to leave, only to pause and rub his thumb over Bokuto's chin saying Be more careful with those milkshakes, Bokuto-san, Bokuto allows himself to believe that maybe Lev's right.       Lev was right.Or at least, he wasn't entirely wrong.Akaashi definitely seems to enjoy Bokuto's company well enough (in his own silent, are-you-sure-that's-a-good-idea-Bokuto-san? kind of way) and on week three's Tuesday he invites Bokuto over to his place to have dinner and talk about volleyball and let him see Akaashi tweaking the pictures he's taken during the month. They eat ramen, Bokuto bullies Akaashi into promising they'll play together sometime and Akaashi will toss to him, and Bokuto drops his head on Akaashi's shoulder in boredom as they sit side by side in front of the laptop, photoshop open with nearly fifteen different pictures of Bokuto and a lot of little windows with curves and numbers that he doesn't understand and isn't interested to.Akaashi lets him fall asleep like that and doesn't wake him up until he's done, the laptop announcing that it's nearly midnight. Bokuto refuses on principle to leave, saying that he deserves at least some good tv episode to make up for that yawn fest, and they end up watching some drama that Bokuto reenacts with a high voice and has Akaashi snorting and laughing a little, no matter how much he tries to hide it from Bokuto. They're in the same position the whole time, side by side, legs and arms and shoulders touching, and Bokuto can feel every vibration of Akaashi's body, he could count every freckle scattered on his cheeks if he was allowed to stare long enough.When Akaashi turns his head, his gaze flickers down to Bokuto's lips, so fast that Bokuto is sure he hallucinated it by sheer force of will. They're so close Bokuto would have to lean in only an inch or two to feel the breath Akaashi lets out as he speaks.“You can stay. I need you up at half past four anyway.”“Abuse of power at work,” Bokuto mumbles, grinning as he pulls back and excuses himself to the bathroom, feeling his skin itching from the inside.It's on his way there, when he takes a sideways glance at Akaashi's library, that Bokuto finds the polaroid camera.        He's sure the reason Akaashi let him borrow it is that he doesn't really use it, and he didn't have the heart to refuse Bokuto's pleas. Bokuto is aware that he can be a bit of a child impossible to say no to when he gets really excited about something, but in his defense, the camera deserves it. It's old, there are some stains on it that don't go away no matter how much he rubs at it with his sleeve, the polaroids come out with an ugly yellow tint and Bokuto's sure its life is nearing the end, but it's still the greatest thing he's ever seen, and he takes it to the coffeeshop proudly.He snaps pictures of Kuroo's bedhead and Lev smiling as he puts on his apron, takes a selfie of himself holding the cup he rescued from the trash can where he had scribbled the cutest turtle on his first day of work, and he also takes a photo of one of their regulars (Oikawa Tooru, ridiculously pretty, law student) when he sees Bokuto with the camera and asks for a picture with the most charming smile and honey-like voice. Honestly, if Bokuto wasn't so into Akaashi, he'd consider going for it. As it is, he takes the picture and gives it to Oikawa along with his caffé macchiato.Later, when he meets Akaashi outside the shop, he holds the camera up, grinnnig widely.“This is the coolest thing.”“You're very easy to please, Bokuto-san.”Tonight's subject is reflection. Akaashi has it all planned out apparently, because he doesn't take more than a minute to tell Bokuto to take a picture of him with the polaroid, while Akaashi takes one of him with his own camera. They're facing each other, sitting on a wood bench at the park with just enough time before sunlight runs out, and their cameras click at the same time, Bokuto snapping his picture promptly when Akaashi finishes counting down.He looks down at the polaroid, waiting for it to develop, and he waves it proudly when it's done.“I'm keeping this one!” he announces, but then he stops smiling when he sees Akaashi's face.He's staring at Bokuto with heavy-lidded eyes, the straight white edge of his teeth digging into his lower lip, expression relaxed and easy, and sort of absent-minded. He snaps out of it as soon as Bokuto speaks and looks up, brows furrowing into his default Bokuto-san expression, but it's too late. Bokuto's seen it and not even a picture could last longer, it's now engraved into his mind and probably behind his eyelids when he goes to sleep tonight.“After your project is done, I'm going to ask you out again,” Bokuto declares.Akaashi's gaze is intent and focused like a camera's lens. He nods, once.       Lev sighs and gives Kuroo enough money for him to buy Kenma a new game.“Assholes,” Bokuto says, rolling his eyes. “You made a bet about me?”“You only had to hold it for like two more weeks,” Lev whines, looking miserable.“Ohoho,” is Kuroo's only response, counting the cash. “Banging the boss? I'm proud.”“I didn't get laid, give Lev his money back.”“What? I thought you were my friend.”“I like Kenma,” Lev assures Kuroo, “but that game is way too expensive. Senpai,” he turns to Bokuto, pressing his palms together in prayer, “please. Two weeks.”Bokuto rolls his eyes again, and goes meet Akaashi at their usual table.“What's got him smiling so much if not sex then?” he hears Kuroo ask Lev, puzzled.        Bokuto resists it until Thursday. After days and nights of walking around the city with Akaashi and getting dinner together, taking pictures with Akaashi, sleeping in the same couch as Akaashi with his head on Akaashi's shoulder and Bokuto's arm thrown across his chest, after four weeks of what's been absolutely nothing but cute owls drawings on paper cups and Akaashi, with his long lashes and curly dark hair and nice forearms, Bokuto is about to explode, or implode, or whatever people do when they want someone so much it makes their toes curl and their chests feel heavy and swollen.They only have like three days left until Bokuto asks him out again anyway, and unless he's the actual biggest idiot on Earth, he's pretty sure Akaashi is going to say yes.He's not staying at Akaashi's tonight, and when they get to Bokuto's flat and stop at the door, Bokuto puts a hand on Akaashi's waist and takes a little step, until their shoes are touching. Akaashi seems frozen but not unwilling, the hand he always has on his camera's strap tightening around it, and he's so gorgeous, God, Bokuto could scream about it. He doesn't really say anything (he knows better than saying some clichéd, stupid thing like I'm going to kiss you right now, Akaashi ), just leans in and that's it, Akaashi's eyes are closing and his lips are parting and this is going to be good, this is going to be so good -Akaashi puts his hand between them, and Bokuto kisses the soft skin of his knuckles.“Not while I'm still paying you, Bokuto-san,” he says as Bokuto pulls away.Bokuto rubs his hands over his face and takes a step back.“Really?”“Really,” Akaashi says, firm. “Patience.”He grabs Bokuto by the collar of his shirt and kisses his cheek, dangerously near the corner of his mouth, leaving him standing there and staring at Akaashi's back as he walks away, smiling and shaking his head and so very breathless.       Lev buys the game anyway, because he's the softiest cupcake in the world and the actual kindest person Bokuto's met in his entire life. Kenma's playing it while sitting behind the counter at the coffeeshop, Kuroo's chin resting on his shoulder as he watches and says good job when his boyfriend beats the first boss, and it's adorable, actually, though Bokuto doesn't say that out loud because he doesn't appreciate having plastic spoons and sugar packets thrown at him.It reminds Bokuto of how Akaashi had spent the previous night sitting between Bokuto's legs on the couch, his back to Bokuto's chest as he worked on his laptop, and Bokuto had been looking over his shoulder, chin resting there, his temple against Akaashi's cheek.      The last day's prompt is simple: a picture taken by the subject themselves. Just to make sure, Bokuto takes quite a few to give Akaashi more options to choose between, though he'll have to make do with the ugly yellow that tints every polaroid. There's the one where he's kissing Akaashi's temple, the one where he's kissing him straight on the mouth; nuzzling his throat or burying his face into his dark hair, though Bokuto likes the one where Akaashi is kissing his jaw best. Then there's the kisses against the kitchen counter with pans and pots behind them, and one that's all blurry because Bokuto had been trying to carry Akaashi while taking the pic and they fell.In the end, Akaashi chooses the one Bokuto took late at night, hair down and closed eyes, hooting against Akaashi's smiling lips.Stiles Stilinski darted across the street, giving a twitchy wave as a car slowed to let him pass. He bounced deftly up the gutter on the other side, slowing to a walk as his sneakers hit the pavement. The chilly autumn wind kicked up and scattered crisp brown leaves underfoot, and Stiles pulled his woolen hat further down over his ears. He scanned the shop fronts as he walked, peering in windows and reading signs, looking for – ah. 
 
He smelled it before he saw it; a tantalizing combination of fresh coffee and straight-from-the-oven baked goods. Inhaling deeply, he following the scent as best he could until he reached a small shop between a convenience store and a fashion boutique. It was so out of place it almost looked like it had been wedged in by force. The door was painted a glossy black, with a glass pane and a brass doorknob; the front window was edged with flyers advertising exhibitions, bands, and lost pets. The small sign above the door simply read ‘Main St Coffee’. Stiles walked towards the door, hand outstretched as he reached for the knob. He turned it and pushed, his momentum carrying him forward and straight into the glass with a thud. His head snapped back, and he winced, lifting a hand to rub gingerly at his forehead. Ow. Frowning, he looked down at the traitorous doorknob. Pull, advised a small plaque above the brass. Ah. He cast a surreptitious glance over his shoulder, but there was no one around to witness his embarrassment. Sighing with relief, he pulled the door open, releasing a fresh waft of that oh-so-good coffee shop smell as he stepped inside.  He made a beeline for the counter, heading for the register sitting between an assortment of cookie jars and an electric warmer full of pies. The barista had his head down, but as Stiles approached he looked up with a small, amused smirk that made Stiles think his little problem with the door hadn’t gone entirely unnoticed. ‘What can I get for you?’ The barista asked, one hand hovering over the register. Stiles took a moment to consider, eyeing the chalkboard menu on the wall behind the counter. He also cast a few furtive glances at the barista, taking in his dark hair, sharp jaw and heavy brow. He didn’t have the usual ‘I’m-here-to-please-how-may-I-help-you?’ barista smile, but as far as Stiles was concerned the bored impassivity suited him just fine. ‘Large Americano,’ Stiles said decisively, ‘and a brownie. Please.’ ‘To go?’ ‘Yeah,’ Stiles nodded.   The barista pulled a cardboard cup from the top of a stack with one hand, and a sharpie from his apron with another. ‘Name?’ Stiles guessed this was more out of habit than necessity, as there were only a handful of people in the shop, all already served and seated. His mind immediately began to race, ticking through various pop-culture references until it settled on the brick of a book that was in his backpack at that very moment. ‘Jean Valjean,’ he replied calmly. The barista’s hand stilled, point of the sharpie hovering over the surface of the cup. He looked up at Stiles, raising one thick black eyebrow in silent question. Stiles looked back innocently until the guy gave a minute shake of his head and began to scrawl on the cup.  So sue him, Stiles had a stupid habit of giving out goofy names at coffee joints. He started doing it forever ago, as a joke, and now it was just second nature. Sometimes the baristas laughed, sometimes they struck up a conversation, but more often than not they didn’t get it, or didn’t react at all. Harmless fun. ‘Three-ninety,’ the barista announced when he was done, holding his hand out expectantly. Stiles handed over the money - and dropped a little extra in the tip jar by the till  - before moving to stand near the lid-slash-napkin-slash-stirrer station to wait for his coffee. He chewed absently on a narrow straw as he looked around the coffee shop at the various bric-a-brac on the walls and shelves. It was a pretty cool place, he decided, definitely a contender for his go-to coffee joint; nice feel, close to his new apartment, hot barista… Catching movement in the corner of his eye, Stiles turned to see said barista sliding his coffee across the counter along with a the brownie in a brown paper bag. Stiles reached for the coffee, slipping a travel lid around the rim with practiced ease.  ‘Thanks,’ he smiled at the barista, who gave him a nod in return before turning back to the register. Stiles took a careful sip of the coffee and sighed in satisfaction. It wasn’t until he was opening the door – with a push – that he glanced down at the black sharpie scrawled across the cup. 24601, it read. Stiles smiled broadly with delight, casting a parting look over his shoulder to where the barista was studiously wiping down the counter. Oh yes, Stiles thought, definitely a contender. 
 
* Stiles didn’t go straight back to Main St Coffee. He had an obligation – nay, a duty – to check out the other coffee shops in the area. Maybe, by some miracle, there was an even cooler place, with even better coffee, and an even hotter, nerdier barista. But alas, no. So it was two days later that Stiles firmly pulled the door open and stepped out of the cold and into the warm, welcoming, coffee scented haven. He shuddered as he unwound his scarf, pulling off his hat and scrubbing a hand through his hair.  He stripped off his fingerless gloves, reaching to pull his wallet from his back pocket as he approached the register. Hot Barista was there, bent at the waist with his elbows braced on the counter, his forearms bracketing a book. Whatever the book was, it must have been engrossing – the barista hadn’t so much as acknowledged Stiles. Then again, without the thud of Stiles’ head whacking into the door to alert him, perhaps he just hadn’t heard Stiles come in. Whatever the reason, Stiles took the opportunity to study him, uninterrupted. The man had broad shoulders, his black tee shirt stretched taut between his shoulder blades in a way that Stiles appreciated. A lot. Large biceps bulged from beneath his sleeves, and Stiles’ gaze grudgingly left them behind to move on to solid forearms, covered with a scattering of fine, dark hair. The tee shirt had a shallow v, through which Stiles could glimpse a defined collarbone, leading up to a long, delicious neck, which ended in one of the most distracting, stubble-covered jawlines Stiles had ever seen. Stiles bit his lip. Niiice. As if sensing his presence, the barista looked up, his hazel – green? Hazel. Hazel/green – eyes found Stiles’. With a reluctant sigh, he let the book flip closed, straightening up and placing his hands on either side of the register as he watched Stiles approach. ‘Hey. What can I get you?’ ‘Large Americano, to go,’ Stiles smiled amiably, fishing the money from his wallet. ‘Name?’ He stood with his sharpie at the ready. ‘Voldemort,’ Stiles answered without missing a beat. The barista nodded once and began scrawling across the cup. ‘Two-forty,’ he intoned, putting the cup to the side. Handing over his money, Stiles couldn’t help but feel a little disappointed. The dude hadn’t batted an eye. Maybe the Les Mis thing had been a fluke? After all, it had kind of been everywhere since the movie came out.  But even so, compared to Jean Valjean, Voldemort was a cakewalk. Hot Barista, Stiles thought sadly as he waited for his order, you had such potential. The Barista handed Stiles his coffee without a word, just another nod before he turned his back. Stiles draped his scarf back around his neck, jammed his hat on his head and tugged on his gloves.  He felt the coffee’s heat radiating through the wool as he carried it out the door. It wasn’t until he was halfway up the street that he looked down at the thick black marker strokes and let out a slightly hysterical giggle. 
He-who-must-not-be-named.

 
* It kind of became a thing. * ‘Longshanks.’ 
Aragorn, son of Arathorn.

 

*

 
‘Padfoot.’ 
Sirius Black.

 
* ‘Tim Drake.’ 
Red Robin

 
* ‘Jaimie Lannister.’ 
Kingslayer.
 * ‘Crowley.’ One side of the cup said how about a challenge next time?
 
The other side had Crowley written on it in Hot Barista’s now familiar handwriting, but there were little horns above the ‘C’ and the ‘Y’, and the end of the ‘Y’ had been turned into a little pointed tail. Stiles couldn’t stop grinning down at his coffee. He didn’t know if it was a reference to Supernatural or Good Omens, but he realized that he really, really wanted to find out. He still hadn’t had anything even closely resembling a conversation with his tall, dark and handsome bringer of coffee, but things still felt…different. Maybe he was imagining the little smile when the guy laid eyes on him, or overthinking the few times his fingers had brushed Stiles’ while handing over the coffee. It was entirely possible that baristas had legitimate reasons to stretch and flex that much while making a simple Americano.  And the pink that rose in his cheeks as Stiles stripped off layer after layer of winter clothing; well, they did keep it pretty toasty in the shop. Maybe Stiles didn’t have a hope in hell. But maybe it was worth finding out. * ‘Name?’ ‘Stiles.’ The barista paused, his eyes sliding up to meet Stiles’. Stiles knew he looked nervous. He felt nervous. He’d run his sweaty palms through his hair so many times he probably looked like Einstein on a bad hair day. His face was almost definitely doing that awful splotchy red thing it did whenever he was embarrassed, and it was taking all his effort to maintain eye contact instead of letting his eyes flit around the room like crazy. Hot Barista straightened up to his full height, his eyes narrowing almost imperceptibly as he regarded Stiles. ‘Okay; now you’re just making names up,’ he said at length. He sounded gruff, but not angry. Just kind of confused. Stiles huffed out a nervous laugh, ‘Uh, no, surprisingly not.’ The barista’s brow furrowed, his mouth turning down. ‘Well, what the hell is a Stiles?’ ‘Finally stumped you, huh?’ Stiles asked playfully, leaning in to rest one elbow on the till. He felt a little of his confidence returning; they were talking, and talking was something Stiles Stilinski could definitely do, yes sir. ‘No,’ he drew the word out as he twirled the sharpie between his thumb and forefinger, ‘you can’t stump me with a made up name. Which this is.’ He crossed his impressive arms over his broad chest with finality. ‘So.’ Stiles was definitely notimagining the teasing tone, or the barely perceptible crinkling at the corners of the barista’s eyes.  He smiled, slow and broad. ‘Nope,’ He leaned forward, raising both eyebrows. ‘So what is it?’ ‘It’s a me. That is,’ Stiles winced at his fumbled words, ‘I’m a Stiles.’ Oh my god. And it had been going so well. ‘My name,’ he gritted out, ‘is Stiles.’ ‘Oh,’ Hot Barista said, surprise evident in his tone. He straightened up, and Stiles’ smile faded a fraction. ‘Okay. Stiles,’ his eyes flicked from the cup to Stiles, and back again, as he scrawled out the name. ‘Americano, coming up.’ He didn’t even wait for Stiles to pay, just ducked behind the tall coffee machine without another word. Stiles was confused, and his nerves were back full force. Oh? What did oh mean? Good oh? Bad oh? Sandra Oh? Things felt like they had been going okay! Hadn’t they? Oh god. Stiles rubbed a hand through his hair in a slightly manic gesture. Exhaling long and slow, he left his money on the counter and walked, as casually as he could manage, to wait for his order. He tapped his fingers on the counter impatiently, worrying the thumbnail of his free hand between his teeth. Why couldn’t he have just given a goofy name? Like The Doctor? He’d been sitting on that one forever! Were things going to be awkward now? Things were totally going to be awkward now. He was so – ‘Stiles,’ the barista called, even though Stiles was the only person waiting for coffee. He snapped to attention, almost knocking the coffee out of the guy’s hand in his haste to grab it. ‘Enjoy,’ the barista said, doling out another one of his small, careful smiles before turning away. Stiles was almost afraid to look. Slowly, he lowered his eyes to the cup. On one side – Derek: 202 555 2871.
 
On the other – I get off at 4.
 
Stiles looked up to where Derek was busily tidying what appeared to be an already tidy counter.  Stiles grinned. He couldn’t be sure, but it looked as though Derek was trying not to smile. Stiles took a sip as he settled into an overstuffed armchair in the corner, one with a good view of the counter. Only three hours until four. Stiles had been on shift for barely two minutes when the entrance flew open with a ridiculous amount of force. It made Stiles jump, a lady at one of the tables spill a bit of her coffee, and a pair of teenage boys just leaving stumble backwards a moment. And all of them turn to see a man stalking into the coffee shop. He was a younger guy, maybe a few years older than Stiles, but he was tall and muscular and gorgeous in a way that would have drool-worthy if the man didn’t appear absolutely murderous at the moment.The dude looked like he could bench press a small car so it was a bit concerning to see the anger radiating off of him as he looked at Stiles and started towards him. There was a stomp in his step, like he was getting ready to yell. He had a cardboard coffee cup from the shop in hand, fingers clutching it so hard that there were dents in it.Stiles opened his mouth to ask what exactly was wrong, but the guy beat him to it.“You are the fucking worst kind of person in the world,” the man said, practically spitting where he stood in front of the counter.
Oh.
Stiles froze, the familiar words hitting him and stealing the air from his lungs. He knew that sentence. That particular combination of words were etched neatly down his right side, dipping slightly around his rib and curling. He’d been waiting for this moment his entire life. Preparing for it.Jesus Christ.A lot of times the ‘markings’ were common, simple things you said to strangers all the time. Excuse me; thank you; hello. Some got extremely romantic things like it’s you isn’t it? I’ve been waiting for you or Wow you’re really pretty. And they were always the first words their soulmate would ever say to them.Of course, having You are the fucking worst kind of person in the world tattooed down your side, didn’t bode well. How fucked up was Stiles Stilinski that even his fucking Soulmate hated him? High School had been a special kind of hell when all the kids learned what his tattoo said—despite his best efforts to keep it a secret.Taking Stiles silence as confused fear, the man continued. “What the hell is wrong with you? Do you think it’s funny? It’s disgusting and childish.” He slammed the coffee cup in his hand on the counter. The real hatred coming off the guy was a bit much though. Stiles had absolutely no idea what he was talking about.But God, did he ever want to punch the guy.While other people took comfort in their words, would repeat them to themselves like a mantra, would rub them in anxious moments, would remind themselves their soulmate was out there, Stiles hated his words. From the moment Stiles was old enough to understand, he hated his Soulmate too.Stiles took a deep breath, staring at his Soulmate. The guy looked absolutely furious, face a bit red and eyebrows furrowed. He might have still been talking, Stiles couldn’t really listen.Instead, he looked down at the coffee cup his Soulmate had smashed onto the counter. Blue Sharpie, usually used simply to write the name of the customer, was used to write “You might not be the best looking girl here, but beautiful is only a light switch away.” Stiles had to tilt his head slightly to be able to read the whole thing.Stiles blinked down at it, squinting. Fucking hell. His co-worker, a druggie, jackass named Marcus Sanders had just left when Stiles arrived. It was a horrible thing to write. Seeing as the world girl was written on it, and Marcus was straight, it probably wasn’t his Soulmate that Marcus had written that to. Some poor, unsuspecting girl had probably gone to take a drink of her coffee only to find herself being insulted and objectified with a single swoop.Hottie with Anger Management Problems was here to defend the honor of someone else.Sure, why not? Why shouldn’t Stiles have had to grow up with you are the fucking worst kind of person in the world on his body because Marcus was a fucking asshole.Stiles straightened instead, lifting up his head slightly to look back at the man. He was glaring at Stiles, a look of absolute hatred about him. And the man didn’t know, had absolutely no clue who Stiles was.Stiles took in a deep breath. In this moment, Stiles got to decide what this man would have grown up with. What words would mar his skin, a reminder that there was someone out there for him? What would his first words be to his Soulmate, leaving permanent tattooing on his body from the moment he was born? Even if this man didn’t want Stiles, his words would be branded on his skin. This drop dead, gorgeous man who had come in to defend someone else who looked like he was seconds away from ripping Stiles apart.Of course Stiles had thought about it before, what words would pass his lips in exchange for the mark against his skin. But never in Stiles’ imagination would he be the one to speak second. Or have time to truly think about it.“You are absolutely perfect,” Stiles said slowly, finding a bit of satisfaction in the way the man stepped back like he’d been slapped. If nothing else, Stiles could give him those words.The anger gave way to utter shock. The man’s mouth dropped open, his eyes widening as he stared. “Y-you,” he managed to stutter out.Stiles looked away from the man quickly. “I assume you’re angry about the cup? And this is your friends or girlfriends?” Stiles asked, calmly looking up at Derek. When he didn’t reply in any way, Stiles continued. “The guy who was working here just before me, Marcus, is a total jerk. If you’d like to complain—which you absolutely should, I can give you the number for the owner, Maggie Wilks. Marcus and I switched out only a few minutes ago.”The man stared at him a moment, gaping like a fish. “It wasn’t you.”“No,” Stiles agreed with an awkward smile, “that isn’t really my style. Promise it wasn’t me. But if you’d like a new cup of coffee, for you or your girlfriend, I can absolutely do that on the house. Maggie will be absolutely mortified when she hears Marcus wrote that on the cup. I’d suggest we call her right now, but she’s at a funeral.”“My sister,” the man said suddenly, seeming to come back to reality. He blinked rapidly, like he had gotten something in his eye. “It was my sister. She was really upset. More upset than usual because she’s been having a shitty week but—she’s not my—she’s my sister.”“Okay,” Stiles agreed calmly. “Tell her I’m so sorry, okay? Marcus is a complete dick. Should I make her a new cup or—?”“What? No, no that’s—it’s fine. I was angrier than she was.”“Right,” Stiles nodded. He grabbed a notepad and pen to quickly scribble down Maggie’s email address and the number for the coffee shop. He ripped it off and handed it to the guy. “She’ll be back in here tomorrow morning if you want to call, otherwise you can send her an email to complain. I’ll give her a heads up. Or if you’d rather, I can tell her myself and you don’t have to worry about it. Whatever works.”“Thanks,” he said absently, taking the paper. He didn’t move beyond that, just stayed rooted to the spot. Gone was the anger, replacing it with a soft look. He was staring at Stiles, something different in his eyes. “My name is Derek,” he blurted suddenly. “Derek Hale. You—you’re my Soulmate.”Stiles winced. “Yeah, hi. My name is Stiles Stilinski.” He felt awkward, like he should apologize for being him. But it wasn’t really Stiles’ fault the universe tied Derek to him.Derek was smiling though. “I’m so sorry for yelling at you. I can be a bit over-protective, but that wasn’t really fair of me.”“Don’t worry about it. I’d have been pissed too,” Stiles said with a shrug. “I hope your sister is okay. Tell her I hope her week gets better, okay? Have a good day!” he kept his voice chipper, even giving a tight grin like the world didn’t feel like it was being held together by scotch tape. Stiles turned away, oddly relieved that now at least he knew. The words had been said and the situation was over and he’d never have to worry about it again.“Wait!” Derek shouted, stopping Stiles from picking up the cleaning cloth.Stiles blinked up at him, confused. “I’m sorry, was there something else?”Derek shook his head, smiling. “No, I realize you need to get back to work, and I should probably go find Cora. But uh, I’ll leave my number? You could call me some time, and we could meet up, get to know one another, ya know?” He was scribbling down numbers on a piece of paper quickly, and then holding it out to Stiles.Stiles just stared at it. “You want me to call you,” Stiles repeated slowly, “and you want to get to know me?”Derek nodded slowly, like he thought Stiles was a bit slow. To be fair, Stiles felt like he was rebooting.Carefully he reached out to take the offered number. “Why?”Derek cocked his head to the side, his eyes running over Stiles like he was trying to decipher him. “What do you mean? You’re my Soulmate. I’d like to get to know you. I’m really excited to.”Stiles considered him a moment. “Huh. You’re serious.”“Why wouldn’t I be?” Derek asked. He looked suddenly younger, a bit vulnerable. “Do you not want…?”“No I do! Of course I do!” Stiles assured him quickly, the paper in his hand wrinkling in Stiles’ tight grip. “I just didn’t think—I mean I never thought my Soulmate would actually—” Stiles bit his lip, trying to keep the words from continuing to spill out.Derek looked concerned through, eyes wide and searching. “I don’t understand? You never thought your Soulmate would actually…what?”Stiles felt his face heating up. He reached a hand back to awkwardly scratch the back of his head. “Well I mean, I always sort of assumed that my Soulmate would…you know…hate…me.”Derek looked completely bewildered. “What? Why would I hate you?” A moment passed and then a sort of understanding seemed to cross his face, his eyes going wide as his face paled. “Oh my God.” The man looked like he might be sick all across the floor. “I said—I called you the worst person in the world! That’s tattooed on you?”Stiles wanted to melt into the floor. “I guess it seems a bit stupid now. You don’t even know me. But uh, I guess growing up I’d always assumed—” He cut off again, shaking his head. “Sorry. I suppose I’m being all kinds of stupid.”But the look on Derek’s face rolled to understanding and his hand shot up to rub along the top of his chest. He stared at Stiles a moment before his face turned to horror. “Oh my God.”Stiles winced, nodding. “Yeah.”“I am so sorry.”“No! No, don’t. It’s fine. Really.”Derek gaped at him. “How the hell is that fine? And you…even after that you said…my words are…”Stiles looked down at his feet, embarrassed. “I always wished my words were like that. You know, something that was comforting even when things went bad? I thought that even if I couldn’t be a person my soul mate would want I wanted to give them something good.”Derek’s eyes were watering. Dear God Stiles had fucked this up magical second chance already.“But you do seem really great!” Stiles tried to reassuring him, wondering how this had gotten so out of hand. “Honest! And if you did want to get to know me I would be absolutely up for that. But, like, no pressure.” Stiles wished the world would swallow him up. “I could give you call?” he said waving the paper Derek had given him. “We could set up dinner or something…”Derek smiled at Stiles like he was a fragile thing. His eyes darted between the paper and Stiles and back again. “Would it be too forward of me to ask if I could pick you up from here at the end of your shift? I’d really like to get to know you.”Stiles bit his lip. “Maybe I should go back to my apartment and change first. I must look like a slob.” He was dressed in sweats, his hair probably sticking up in every which way and direction.“If you’d be more comfortable changing I can wait. But uh—for the record, you definitely don’t have to. You look ridiculously good.” Suddenly it was Derek’s turn to blush. A redness crept up his neck and at the tips of his ears. Where Stiles always managed to look awkward and blotchy with a blush, Derek looked endearing. “Sorry. I sound like an idiot. You’re just kind of distractingly good looking. And apparently you’re a saint. And I fucked this up with the very first thing I said, but if you’re willing to give me a chance I’d like to try to make up for that.”Stiles didn’t really know what to say to that. His mouth opened and closed for a moment and then he said, “Thank you.”Derek ducked his head shyly and wow, he was nothing like the guy who came storming in. This was is soulmate? And he actually wanted to get to know Stiles?Stiles took a deep breath. “Well, if you’re sure you don’t mind the fact that I look homeless, you could swing by here right at three, and we could grab some coffee and go for a walk? I like my work place well enough but I’d prefer not to stay here longer than I need to.”Derek nodded enthusiastically. “Yeah! Yeah that’s perfect actually.”Stiles offered him a smile, fiddling nervously with his fingers. “Well your sister is probably waiting for you.”“Hmmm?” Derek questioned, shaking his head. “Oh. Cora. Yeah I should go find her. Right. But umm…I’ll see you at 3, right?”Stiles nodded. “Yeah. I’ll be here.”Derek turned to go towards the door, his shoulders more relaxed than when he came in. But then he spun around again to look at Stiles. “Thank you—for letting me try to make it up to you. I don’t deserve this second chance but I swear to God I will not make you regret it. I know everyone says cheesy stuff about meeting their soulmates but—I really do look forward to getting to know you, Stiles because I swear I’ve only just met you but I can already tell you’re something special.” And then he was gone, not waiting for Stiles to reply.The pair of teenage boys Derek had nearly run into when he had entered the coffee shop had stayed behind to figure out what was happening. After watching, they began clapping with stifled laughs.“Wow,” said a woman drinking a cup of coffee near the counter, “that was certainly interesting. You two will be cute.”“Thanks,” Stiles replied, unable to look away from the door, his eyes still glued to the spot where Derek had disappeared.Maybe it would be okay.  Eren glanced at the clock. 22:20. There wasn’t much going on at the Little Titan Café. Don’t ask him why it’s called that. His mother, the owner, thought it sounded cute. Eren thought it was weird, but patrons seemed to like it enough to come, so who was he to judge? On a weeknight like tonight, there weren’t many customers with exception to the occasional college student coming in to use their free Wi-Fi. And considering they were open until midnight most nights – with exception to Sundays—it was the perfect place for students to come and work on last minute homework, projects, what have you.Unfortunately for him, he was usually stuck with the closing shift. You always sleep in anyway. Your classes aren’t until the afternoon and blah, blah, blah. It wasn’t that Eren hated the closing shift. He just hated how dreadfully boring it was. Weekends were typically the busiest so those nights went by fast. But weeknights? Not so much.He fiddled with his iPhone. 22:25. The picture on the screen was of him and his two childhood friends huddled at one of the booths in this very café. Mikasa was looking bemused with her latte moustache while Eren and Armin laughed. He grinned at the memory and unlocked his phone to reply to their text messages.
Armin: Don’t forget you have a math exam tomorrow.
Shit. Not that they were in the same class – Armin was beyond something like College Algebra—but somehow he remembered when Eren had a test. That he had forgotten. Shit. Yeah, he was so screwed tomorrow. Not that he was an A+ student. Or a B. Maybe somewhere between a high D and low C. Who needed math anyway? It had nothing to do with his major.
Mikasa: Hi.
Eren snorted. Mikasa’s blunt messages never ceased to amuse him. By the time he finished responding, it was 22:29 with a few seconds left in the minute. The jingle of the door being opened dragged Eren’s attention away from his phone. It was a short walk from the bar to the entrance, so when the cold, winter air rushed into the shop, Eren shivered from his position by the register.He turned his head away from the chill of the air as he greeted the customer with a, “Welcome to the Little Titan Café.” If he wasn’t contractually obligated to – and if he wasn’t suspicious that his mother somehow knew whenever he didn’t say those words to a customer – Eren wouldn’t bother saying such a lame line. But after years of his mother instilling the phrase into his head, he was conditioned to spew them whenever he heard the jingle of the bell.It was always obvious when a customer was new to their shop. They usually lingered by the entrance to look around, as if expecting to see something strange. Eren didn’t blame them. If he walked into a place called the Little Titan Café, he’d probably expect something stranger. But whether this man was a new or simply looking for a place to sit was hard to tell. His expression was firmly set in what Eren could only describe as apathy. Slanted, gray eyes scanned the cozy coffee shop, taking in the two women gossiping by the window, the college student tapping furiously away on his laptop, and another struggling to stay awake as she read a book.There were a lot of things Eren Jaeger didn’t believe in. He didn’t believe in waking up before 11:00. He didn’t believe in needing breakfast. He didn’t believe in driving the speed limit because the speed limit was too damn slow. He didn’t believe in luck – you have to take what you want, not hope to have it handed to you. He didn’t believe in not fighting back. He didn’t believe in failure (let’s not mention the math exam he would be failing tomorrow, because he didn’t believe in the e-word either). He didn’t believe in pissing his mom off because boy was she scary when she was mad. He didn’t believe in romance or love at first sight or being swept off your feet. He was a boy, duh, so like hell he cared about that mushy stuff.But then his eyes landed on the man with the apathetic face and thought he had to toss away all those non-beliefs. Okay, maybe not all of them. Just the love-at-first-sight part. Because Eren was starting to be a believer. It didn’t matter how cliché it sounded. There was just something about the slant of his eyes. Something about the downward tilt of his lips, the way the part in his bangs weren’t quite centered. Something about the way – though he was a few inches smaller than Eren – his shoulders were noticeably broad through the jacket of his suit; the way his very presence alone demanded attention and yeah, he had all of Eren’s.It was no secret from anyone who knew him that he was gay. So very, very, verygay. And his gay little heart fluttered at the sight of the man, skipped a beat at the barely perceptible jump in a strong jaw, stopped when those gray eyes caught his. He thought his breath may have stopped, too, because he was starting to feel a little lightheaded and jittery. Or maybe it was just the butterflies in his stomach freaking out as the patron walked towards him. His hands fisted his green apron, willing said butterflies to chill the fuck out but goddamnit was Eren a nervous wreck because this good-looking man was coming closer and shit he wanted to hide.He was reminded that he was the only one working as the man occupied one of the bar stools, setting a black, leather messenger bag on to the bar. Eren’s heart hammered loudly in his throat, or no, in his ears, no he could even feel it in his stomach. What the hell was wrong with him? All the man’s done so far was stand, stare, walk, sit, and now he was shrugging off his jacket and yeah his shoulders were broad in that white-collared shirt and were some of those buttons loose because there was some collarbone and – Eren gulped. His mouth felt unbearably dry.He was feeling ridiculous and strange and was convinced he was coming down with something.“W-wel—“ Eren had to clear his throat. His voice sounded pathetic even to his own ears. He took in a deep breath and willed himself to calm down and treat this man like any other person. He put on the best grin he could muster. “Welcome to the Little Titan Café. Is this your first time here?”“Yeah.” He folded his jacket over the empty barstool next to him. “Why is this place called that?”Eren relaxed at the question, his earlier jitters slowly but surely retreating. “My mom thought the name would make people curious enough to come in. Seems to have worked on you, didn’t it?”“That’s true. Your mother owns this place?”Eren nodded. Now that they were closer, he was all too painfully aware of the flush on the man’s cheeks, no doubt from walking outside in the cold. It was starting to fade, though. “Is there anything I can get you? Or did you need a moment to look over the menu?”“I’ll just have a caffè latte,” he said as he opened his messenger bag and pulled out a laptop.“One latte coming right up,” Eren said, his hands falling away from his apron. If there was one thing he could do it was make a mean latte. A couple of minutes later, he was setting a freshly made latte in front of the handsome patron – hey, he didn’t know his name so how else was Eren supposed to refer to him? “Here you go, sir.”“Thanks,” he glanced at the nametag on Eren’s apron, “Eren.” Had his attention not been diverted to the latte set before him, he would have noticed the way the barista flushed at his name being said. That flush disappeared, thankfully, when the man noticed the leaf Eren had designed with the milk, his embarrassment giving way to pride. “You did this? Impressive.”He shrugged, his smile smug. “Oh, that’s nothing.”He regarded Eren for a moment before deadpanning, “You know, when someone gives you a compliment, you’re supposed to feign modesty and say thanks. Brat.”Eren rolled his eyes. “Yeah, well, if I’m good at something why bother to pretend I’m not? It’d be stupid.”“Maybe people don’t like cocky little shits.”“Hey, I would watch who you called little.”The temperature in the room suddenly dropped below zero. Just a disclaimer: Eren had the tendency to say things before thinking them through. He knew he touched on a rather touchy subject when the man’s expression darkened considerably. “Why exactly is that?”“Um,” Eren’s gaze flittered around nervously, trying to find a distraction, hoping a new customer would come in or maybe one of the current customers would start having a heart attack. But none of them looked old enough to have one. Damn it. “Er. No reason.”He had to bite back the you started this retort. Something told him that, counter between them or not, the man would reach over and strangle him. It made Eren question his earlier feelings, or whatever the hell that had been. A momentary lapse in sanity, perhaps? Now that he was realizing the violent tendencies that no doubt hid beneath layers of apathy, Eren was starting to come to his senses. There was no such thing as love at first sight, after all. He was merely appreciating the man’s good looks, the no-doubt nice body beneath that suit, the way his collar hung loosely around a thick neck, the way he could see the pale flesh of his collar bone, the way—.His thoughts were distracted when the man picked up his cup, lifted it to his lips, and took a sip from his latte. And just as Eren predicted, a frothy moustache was left behind.He couldn’t help it. Eren wrapped his arms around his sides and laughed.The man paused, eyes narrowing. “The hell is so funny?”“N-nothing,” Eren gasped, reigning in his laughter to smirk, “sir.”“Just Levi.”Eren blinked. “Huh?”“My name.”“Oh.” Eren blinked again. And again. The jittery feeling was returning to his stomach. “Levi.”There was a flash in gray eyes, a look that made Eren’s stomach burn, but it bubbled over again with laughter when his gaze returned to the latte moustache. The frown on Levi’s face was positively fierce. “You will tell me what is so goddamn funny—“ He glanced at the dark screen of his laptop, scowling when his reflection scowled right back.  Levi tore a napkin from the dispenser with a growl. “You little shit.”“Sorry?” The grin on Eren’s face was the least bit apologetic.Needless to say, that night at the Little Titan Café was a little less boring for a certain barista.Derek thinks that his life would be a lot easier if Stiles weren't 17. Or even if he were to remain 17 but stop working at Derek's favourite coffee shop.

ADHDecaf was the best café in the area, just around the corner from Derek's shop. He went every day, and every day he had to deal with Stiles' messy hair and perfect mouth and big hands with those long fingers. He had to watch Stiles' shoulders and arms stretch and flex as he made this or cleaned that.

Stiles was beautiful.

Stiles also looks about seventeen, making him thirteen years younger than Derek.
 
Derek's life is Hell.

It doesn't help that Stiles is always there when Derek's there. Even when he's not working he's lounging at a table by the window or bouncing in and out of the Employee's Only door. He's always around and it drives Derek mental. 

The worst is when Derek goes in after a long day of fixing up an expensive car or doing a big project, because he knows that he's got grease on his hands and on his jaw, that his hair is wild and, probably, full of grease, too. Derek wanders in looking like a hobo and Stiles just leans over the counter at him, coffee in hand, smile bright and fingers stretched around the cup, looking like some kind of god.

Derek's just finished up a totalled big rig on an otherwise lazy Sunday and is in desperate need of caffeine, so he steels himself, and heads into ADHDecaf.

Derek almost throws up.
 
There's a beautiful girl with strawberry blonde hair sitting on the counter beside Stiles, talking away and laughing as he bounces around making a drink for a tall, lanky kid with curly hair. Of course Stiles has a girlfriend, he's beautiful and kind and wickedly smart from what Derek knows of him, he deserves someone like the redheaded girl, who turns and stares at Derek in a way that tells him she knows everything about him from one look.

Stiles glances over a row of cups and spots Derek as he's slowly coming up to the counter.

“Hey, Derek!” Stiles calls, waves as he hands the curly haired kid his drink. Stiles turns to his friend, “Move, bitch, customer.”

“I’m a customer,” The kid says sullenly, but drags his feet to a table a few feet away. 

“The usual?” Stiles asks, doesn't request his girlfriend hop off the counter. She crosses one leg over the other and watches Derek.

“Please.” Derek nods and Stiles spins away with a grin.

“So, you're Derek?” The girl says, pursing her lips.

“Uh, yeah.” Derek says, eyebrows furrowing.

“Hm.” She looks him over, “I see it.”

“See what?”

Stiles appears out of nowhere, drink stuck out over the counter in one hand, “Nothing. She sees nothing.”

“Rude.” The girl huffs, but smiles at him. Ugh, they're sickening. 

Derek takes the drink and reaches into his pocket for change.

“Nah, don't worry about it today.” Stiles says, ducks underneath the counter.

“Won't you get in trouble?” Derek asks, panicked for Stiles' job.

“No,” Stiles calls back, a little oddly, “I’m on pretty good terms with the boss.”

The girl snorts primly, covering her mouth with her hand.

"Shut up, Lydia!" Stiles says as he pops back up, then looks at Derek, "See what I have to deal with?"
 
"Oh, you love me,” The girl, Lydia, says with a smirk.

"Yeah," Stiles shrugs, meets Derek's eyes and laughs. 

"I'm going to go, then." Derek says quickly, stepping back from the counter and turning on his heel.

"See you tomorrow," Stiles calls and Derek hears him hiss, quietly, "Seriously, Lydia?"

"You should say something." She says, "I mean it, Stiles." 

He knows. Stiles knows about Derek's stupid crush and is freaked out that a thirty year old man is into him. Derek's going to get arrested, he's going to go to jail.

Dammit.

 

Derek avoids ADHDecaf like it holds every single spider on the planet. He hasn't had a good cup of coffee in a week when an old Jeep is towed in with a debilitating dent in the back bumper. 

"Somebody got rear ended," Boyd says as the clunky blue monster is released off the truck.

"Ugh, we're going to have to deal with insurance," Erica complains, zips up her jumpsuit. 

Derek hears the tow truck driver climb out but isn't really paying much attention to the passenger, is too busy bending down to inspect the bumper.

"So, you think she'll live?" 

Derek freezes. Stiles.

"Uh," Derek slips standing up, slams his forehead against the spare tire. He swears and rears up, rubbing at his head.

Stiles looks at him, brows furrowed and eyes wide, "You okay, Derek?"

"Yup." Derek says quickly, gestures to the Jeep, "Shouldn't be too bad. What happened?"

I don't know," Stiles shrugs, "I was in the café and then all of a sudden Lydia comes in saying somebody must have hit the back of my Jeep because there's a huge dent." 

"Well-" 

Derek gets cut off as Erica rounds the side of the Jeep, "Stiles?"

Stiles spins, smiling, "Erica?"

"How are you?" She croons, moving forward to hug Stiles.

"Once my Jeep's fixed I'll be golden," Stiles jerks a thumb at the car. 

"You've still got this thing?" Erica asks disbelievingly.

"She's beautiful, okay?" Stiles argues and Derek watches the whole thing in confusion.

"You two know each other?"

"Yeah, we went to high school together." Erica explains, shrugging, "He still had this piece of shit then, too."

Derek, thoroughly confused, steps back and goes over to where Boyd's talking to the driver.

"Well, thanks for bringing it." Boyd smiles and gestures towards the bay doors opposite them, "You should fit out that way." Boyd glances at him, "You okay, Derek?" 

"Yeah, fine."

When Stiles is gone and they've got the Jeep rigged up, Derek asks, "Erica, how old is Stiles?"

"A year younger than me," She answers from underneath the car, where she's checking the underbelly for damage, "Twenty five."

"Is he still in school?" Derek asks, innocently.

"No, he graduated last year." She says, slides out from under the car, "You know that coffee shop around the corner? ADHDecaf?"

"I think so," Derek lies, wipes grease off his hands.

"That's one of thirteen locations in the state. He started the company after he graduated." Erica tells him, adjusts her ponytail and narrows her eyes, "Why?"

"No reason." Derek says, too quickly, "Don't worry about it." 

 

Derek, because he's stupid, tells Laura about Stiles.

“Oh my God,” She squeals over the phone, “I’m coming over.”

Derek, elbow deep in dish suds with the phone in between his ear and shoulder, freezes, “No, you’re not.”

“Derek,” She whines, “My baby brother is finally behaving like a normal human being, it’s a momentous occasion!”

“I always behave like a normal human being,” Derek mutters, rinses off a plate and sets it on the drying rack.

“That’s a big fat lie,” Laura laughs, “I’m just happy that there’s someone you like, Der.”

“Hmm,” He says softly, thinking about the way Lydia perched on the counter.

“Ask him out,” Laura says, smile in her voice.

“No,” Derek says, pulls the plug out of the drain, “No.”

“Why not, Der?” She asks, desperately, “The worst he can do is say no.”

“Yeah, and then I’ll have to deal with Dunkin’ Donuts for the rest of my life,” Derek snaps, grabs a towel and dries his hands.

Laura huffs, lets it be. For a second, “What’s he look like?”

“Does it matter?” Derek asks. Laura doesn’t say anything. He sighs, “He’s tall, probably as tall as me, but thinner. He’s got this messy hair,” Derek pauses, “No, you know what-”

“Does he have nice hands?” Laura asks suddenly, “I know about your thing for nice hands.”

“Shut the fuck up,” Derek snaps, “I don’t have a thing for nice hands.”

“That’s a lie, baby bro, I know you.”

“Fine, yeah, he’s got nice hands,” Derek growls, thinking about the way they wrap around cups or flail as he talks. That leads him to thinking about them wrapped around his- “I’m gonna go.”

“How old is he?” Laura asks, “C’mon, Der, give me something.”

“He’s twenty five,” Derek says, “I thought he was seventeen but apparently he went to school with Erica. He actually owns the café, it’s one of thirteen, isn’t that-” He stops, realizes he sounds like a proud boyfriend.

Laura, because she isn’t 100% evil, ignores that, “You thought he was seventeen?” She cackles, “You probably felt like a pedophile! God, that’s hilarious!”

“He looks young, okay?” Derek snaps, defensive, “Fuck you, Laura.”

“Whatever, Der,” She snorts, “I’ll let you go.”

“Fuck. You,” Derek snaps, hangs up as she’s cackling loudly.

If, when Derek goes to shower later that night, he jerks himself off thinking about Stiles’ fingers wrapped around his dick or putting his mouth against Stiles’ long neck and marking him up with red bruises, then no one needed to know.

 

Laura, because she's a dick, brings it up at the next family dinner.

"Derek's got a crush," She says the second food is served.

"Laura." Derek hisses, "Shut. Up." 

"Derek's got a crush on a guy that owns his own business." Laura continues, "But Derek's an idiot and thought he was seventeen until Erica told him that the guy's twenty five."

"Oh?" His mother says from her end of the table.

"I hate you." Derek says to his sister, kicks her under the table. Beside him, Cora is snickering.
 
"What's his name?" His mother asks, feigning innocence and sipping her wine.

"Stiles."

"That is not a name," Cora snorts.

Derek glares at her.

"The Sheriff's son?" His dad asks, "Stilinski?"

Oh. It's a good thing Stiles is of age, then.

"I guess." Derek answers, takes a bite of his steak.

"You should ask him on a date," His mother urges, smiling, "He's a nice boy."

"He's got a girlfriend." Derek snaps, thinking of Lydia and her dainty, pretty smile. 

"Oh." Laura says quietly, "Sorry, Der."

"Yeah," He shrugs, "S'okay."

 

It gets worse when Derek thought it would get better. He returns Stiles' Jeep, fixed up in more ways than just the bumper because Derek is pathetic, and he figures he'll deal with Dunkin' Donuts' shitty coffee. Then, he sees the Sheriff in the grocery store.

"Derek Hale, right?"

Derek looks up from deciding between Mars and Snickers ice cream bars to see the Sheriff standing in front of him.

"Uh, yes, sir." Derek stammers, shakes the hand the man offers.

"You fixed up my son's Jeep." The Sheriff says, as if it's a big deal.

"Yes, sir." Derek answers, "It wasn't that big of a deal, just a bent bumper."

"See, I checked under the hood and around the car in general. You fixed the transmission, you fixed the anti-freeze leak, you even tweaked the engine. But, you only charged him for the bumper." The Sheriff raises an eyebrow as Derek blushes, "Stiles knows nothing about cars, he won't notice." Derek must visibly relax because the Sheriff laughs and claps him on the shoulder, "You know about his shop?"

"Yes, sir. I go in every once and awhile."

"You see Stiles there, then?" The Sheriff clarifies.

"Yes, and his girlfriend and his friends," Derek shrugs, "Why?" 

The Sheriff snorts, "My son does not have a girlfriend."

"What about Lydia?" Derek asks, too quickly.

"They're just friends," He says, "Besides, Stiles is gay." 

Oh. "Oh."

"Is that an issue?"

"The opposite," Derek says and promptly wants to dig himself a hole and die in it.

The Sheriff looks at him knowingly, "Just so you know, a hot mechanic generally comes up in our weekly phone calls. He can't seem to shut up about you." The Sheriff leaves Derek holding ice cream, by his cart, with his mouth open.    Derek tells himself that the next time he goes into ADHDecaf, he'll ask Stiles on a date. But, he's not there. For once, when Derek actually needs to see him for his own sanity, he's not there.

Scott, a guy that Derek's seen working there a few times, stares at Derek for a moment before snapping his fingers at him, "Got it! Just your usual?"

"Please," Derek says, peers over his head to see if he can spot Stiles. He sees a few younger kids, definitely in their teens, and a guy with a ridiculous jaw that looks extremely miserable, but no Stiles.

Scott brings him his drink, "It's his mom's birthday."

Derek jumps a bit, looking down at him, "What?"

"It's Stiles' mum's birthday, so he's not here," Scott smirks, hands him his drink, "Stiles says not to charge you, so," He shrugs.

"I can't just never pay," Derek objects, forcefully shoving a five in Scott's face.

Scott smiles, dopey like a small dog, "He told me that we should have to pay you whenever you come in here, because you're so hot."

Derek stares at him, slowly accepting the coffee and putting the bill away, "What?"

Scott puts on a fake apologetic tone, "Oh no, I wasn't supposed to tell you that. Oops." 

He glares at Derek until Derek speaks, "Will he be back tomorrow?" 

Scott smiles, "Yes. Come back tomorrow." 

"Okay."     Derek goes back the next day after work. It's slow again, other than Stiles, no one but Lydia and the curly haired kid are there. 

Stiles brightens up when he sees Derek, waves, "Hey, dude!" 

"Don't call me dude," Derek says, smiling.

Lydia groans, rolling her eyes, "I do not need to be here for this." She hops off the counter, "Come on, Isaac."

The curly haired kid sighs and heaves himself away from the counter, "Maybe he'll calm down once he's getting some."

Derek watches Stiles' face turn red.

"We can only hope," Lydia sighs, does a finger wave at Stiles and waits for Isaac to open the door for her, "See ya!"

Stiles opens his mouth to speak, stops, snaps it shut again.

Suddenly, Derek is extremely nervous. He glances down, sees grease embedded in the lines in his hands, knows that he never completely got rid of the grease that lined his jaw despite the fact that Erica told him he had. He’s wearing a grey Henley with the sleeves rolled up, jeans with a hole in the knee and combat boots. Stiles looks put together and beautiful, black polo underneath the red apron bearing white lettering.
 
"Do you want to go for dinner?" Derek asks, quickly, because if he waits it’ll never happen and he and Stiles will stare at each other for the rest of eternity.

Stiles smiles, "Yeah, I do,” Stiles just kind of stares at him for a minute, then sighs, “God, why did you have to come directly after work?” He sounds breathless.

“What?” Derek asks, because he isn’t sure if that’s an insult or not.

“You look so fucking hot with grease on your hands and messy hair,” Stiles says, smirks, “I really think you should kiss me.”

Derek crosses the tiles, reaches across the counter and grabs Stiles by the collar of his polo. Stiles makes a small, undignified noise, before Derek is pressing their mouths together.

Stiles makes the best noise Derek thinks he's ever heard. A breathy moan as he lets Derek tangle one hand in his hair and use the fingers in his shirt to pull him closer. Stiles gets his fingers on Derek's jaw the second that someone clears their throat behind them.

"I'm very happy for you two, I am," The Sheriff says, "But I think this is against the health code."

Derek pulls away first and Stiles kind of flops back over the counter, rocking on the balls of his feet.

"Hey, dad," Stiles says and Derek watches him lick his kiss swollen lips and attempt to smooth his hair.

"You forgot your phone at my house yesterday," The Sheriff comes up beside Derek, slides a cell phone across the counter. He nods at Derek, "I assume I'll see you for dinner at some point."

Derek swallows hard, "Yeah, sure."

"Good," The Sheriff claps him on the shoulder, "I'm off. Bye, son."

"See ya, Dad." 

As soon as the Sheriff is gone Stiles meets Derek's eyes, and they both promptly erupt into laughter.

Derek hasn't laughed that hard since Laura threw up on her prom date. But, there was no puke involved, just Stiles, laughing and looking at Derek like he was the best thing in the world.


In Jimin’s defense, the coffee shop is loud. He opens to his mouth to ask the guy to maybe, like, repeat what he said, but something about the customer’s stony expression and the way his finger tap-tap-tap’s impatiently against the counter makes Jimin think twice about potentially annoying him further. Jimin’s worked long enough as a barista to know better than to piss off a caffeine-deprived delinquent — which, this guy probably is, if his piercings and leather jacket are anything to go by.Of course, Jimin isn’t normally one to judge, but there’s just something lazy and predatory about the way those hooded eyes are watching him.So, Jimin just averts his gaze to the register, stuttering out the price and feeling like he’s in an entire other universe in his baby-blue apron with the words House of Cards printed across the front in colourful bubbly font. Curse Seokjin-hyung for thinking such ridiculous attire should be standard.And naturally, when he’s got the boy’s order done — medium cappuccino, no cream, one sugar — he pauses with his marker inches away from the cup, because — is he really going to do this? Isn’t it a bit old-fashioned to write something flirty on a coffee cup? But no matter what his churning gut says about danger and what the hell are you doing do you want to die, this guy is — with no better way to put it — totally Jimin’s Type with a capital T.You’ve always liked them bad, Jiminnie, Taehyung has always said with a shake of his head whenever Jimin tells him about his newest object of fancy. And Jimin would always scowl, but never bothers refuting. It’s true, after all.Biting his lip, Jimin scribbles the words hastily onto the cup, hoping that maybe if he scrawls, it’ll be illegible and it’d pass as some sort of name. Then he slips the cardboard sleeve around it and slides the steaming cup over to waiting hands.“Thanks,” Dark and Blonde murmurs, slipping a plastic lid on the cup. His eyes are still locked on Jimin’s face, and it’s unnerving — makes Jimin's toes curl in his shoes with skin-crawling discomfort and excitement.“Don’t mention it,” Jimin answers, breathless for some reason or another. Then he flees back to the register, and tries to push the whole encounter to the back of his mind. Chances are, the guy won’t even see what he wrote anyway.“Lemme guess. Black, just like your soul?” Namjoon says in greeting as Yoongi slides into the seat across from him. He’s got notebooks splayed out before him, and is scribbling into one of them like a madman. He doesn’t even look up.Yoongi scowls. “Fuck off.” He takes a sip. It’s a little too sweet for his liking, but somehow, it suits the baby-faced barista behind the counter. He’d anticipated the drink to taste a little sweeter than usual. “Make any progress? You’ve been here for hours, now. I’m almost surprised they haven’t kicked you out.”“Nah, I know the guy who owns this place,” Namjoon boasts, finally looking up to flash his dimples. “I could stay here all day if I wanted, without buying anything.”“It’s a coffee shop,” Yoongi deadpans. “A homeless person could get away with staying here all day.”“Homeless people are people too,” Namjoon retorts.Yoongi rolls his eyes, deciding against getting into it. Namjoon could go on forever if allowed. “Lemme guess,” Yoongi says instead, gesturing to his friend’s drink sitting next to him. “Mochaccino, with one cream, two sugars, a side of existentialism and a sprinkle of anti-capitalistic sentiment.”Namjoon puts a hand to his chest. “You know me so well.”“Too well.”“You can never know someone too well,” Namjoon replies sagely. “Hey, give me your cup sleeve. I forgot to grab one.”“Don’t wanna burn your delicate extremities?”“Just give it, you asshole. You never need them, anyway.”Yoongi tosses it over with a roll of his eyes. He glances down at his cup, and notices black scribbling across the side. The cute barista, his mind supplies. He supposes if he had an interesting love life like those in Hoseok’s favourite dramas, there would be a number scribbled there, or some horrible rendition of his name, because apparently Yoongi sounds too much like Yoonie for anyone to get it right the first time.What he actually sees, however, makes his teeth grind in an attempt to fight off the grin from his face in case Namjoon notices, because — what do you know, the barista is more gutsy than he looks.Caution: Hot beverage stuff ;)He turns the cup around in his hands. That’s it. No number, no nothing. Gutsy, but not suicidal. Yoongi knows he’s grinning despite his best efforts, if Namjoon’s weird look is anything to go by.“The coffee here is good,” he says by way of explanation, taking another long sip. It’s not a lie. “I think I’ll stop by more often.”Namjoon squints at him. “Yeah, right. I doubt you’d go out of your way to come here when it’s on the other side of campus.”Yoongi just shrugs, hiding a smirk behind the rim of his cup.Hot stuff, huh. He can work with that.Jimin is ducked behind the counter, rummaging for some cinnamon, when a low voice drawls out, “Hey, sunshine.”Jimin huffs, cursing his luck. He’s not in the mood to deal with sleazy old men in their thirties hitting on him while he’s at work. This is a professional establishment, he inwardly despairs. The apron is just uniform!When he straightens however, he’s met with — thankfully not a sleazy thirty year old — but — him. Hot Stuff.“Um,” is all he manages.Hot Stuff grins, leaning forward to prop his elbows on the counter. “Don’t remember me?”“I, um, get a lot of customers,” Jimin stammers. Holy fuck, did he read the cup?“Maybe you need a refresher? It’s hot stuff. Nice to meet you, sunshine.”He read the cup. Jimin resists the urge to hide his face in his hands because he’s sure he’s red as a tomato by now.Gathering his wits, Jimin keeps his gaze locked resolutely on the register. In the most even tone he can manage, he intones, “So, what can I get for you today, hot stuff?”Hot Stuff blinks at him. Inwardly, Jimin is dying. But he likes to think none of his internal trip to the afterlife shows on his face.Hot Stuff blinks once more. Then he visibly recovers. “You remember my order from last time, right?”“… I remember.” At the smug grin he receives, Jimin adds, “I remember everyone’s orders.”“Quite the memory you’ve got there.”“Can I get you anything else?” Jimin asks dismissively.“That’s all, sunshine,” he says, on the edge of — dare Jimin even think it — pouting now, and it’s actually fucking cute — piercings, leather and all.“Coming right up!” Jimin chirps, dashing away to make the order. His hand shakes a little as he stirs the sugar in, and he it feels unnervingly like he’s being watched. When he looks over his shoulder, the boy is staring at him, eyes dark and intense, just like the first time around, and Jimin swallows, feeling a sudden surge of bravery when he grabs his marker from his apron pocket.With great flourish, he pens down what he likes to call, Absolute Genius, and what Seokjin sometimes calls, Inspired Stupidity. Then he slips a sleeve over the cup to hide it.“Enjoy,” he says as he hands it over.Their fingertips brush, and Jimin tries not to jolt.With a two-fingered salute, the boy turns and heads out the door, little bells chiming after him. Jimin slumps down against the counter, boneless, like a puppet released from its strings, and that’s unfortunately how Seokjin finds him.“What are you doing?” he asks.“That thing… you know…”“Ah,” Seokjin sighs, knowingly. “Inspired Stupidity. It’s that time of the day.”“We agreed that it’s a weekly thing,” Jimin complains.“You see, this isn’t a thing you get a say in. Get back to work, Jiminnie.”Jimin does, heading back to the register in a daze, echoes of sunshine bouncing around in his mind. He’s so out of it that Taehyung asks if he has a fever when he drops by that afternoon and even reaches across the counter to smack a hand against Jimin’s forehead, claiming that his cheeks are really red are you sure you’re not coming down with something do you need me to buy you soup? Several no, Taetae’s later, Taehyung is convinced that Jimin has the Spanish Flu, and is reciting off strange and disturbing facts about pigeons. Jimin doesn’t know why, just nods and takes it all in, and it’s not until Seokjin intervenes because Taehyung’s booming voice and graphic descriptions are scaring the customers, that he leaves Jimin alone with promises of soup and cuddling later! and bounds out the door.“Seokjin-hyung,” Jimin says that night when they’re closing up.Seokjin is busily counting the change, elegant brows furrowed. “Yes?”He hesitates. “How do you know when you… like someone?”A coin falls to the floor. Then the others follow in some clattering symphony of money. “Oh god. I suddenly have something. To do.”“… What?”“You can close up for me, right?”“Yes, but — hyung — ”“Thank you, Minnie,” Seokjin says, ignoring Jimin’s squawks of protest against the nickname. “I’ll see you tomorrow!”Then he’s out the door.Jimin puzzles over this for the rest of the night.
“Okay, so group meeting,” Seokjin announces.

“Kind of got that,” Jungkook drawls from his seat across the dingy old table at the nearby restaurant.

“What’s up?” Hoseok asks, taking a sip of his beer. It’s not often Seokjin calls all of them out at this time of night. Everyone knows the older boy is an early sleeper. 

“You’re kind of scaring me,” Namjoon admits. 

“As I should be,” Seokjin says, gravely. He pauses a long enough moment just to build up suspense. “Jiminnie’s in love with Taehyung.”

Hoseok spits his beer back out (“Hyung, gross!” Jungkook complains, wiping at his shirt) and shouts out a scandalized, “What!” It's a reaction Seokjin is quite satisfied with.

“I see…” Namjoon is nodding sagely. “I predicted this would happen.” This is a reaction that Seokjin is less satisfied with.
“You, what! Why have you never mentioned this before?” Hoseok demands, scrubbing his lips with the back of his hand. “Where did this even come from?”
“Actually, I can sort of see it,” Jungkook says. 

Namjoon nods. “Jimin is the type who cherishes physical displays of affection. Taehyung expresses himself very bodily, so perhaps he’s associated his casual friendly displays with romantic attraction — ”
“Why Taehyung though?” Hoseok whines. 
“What’s wrong with Taehyung,” Taehyung says. 

Seokjin very nearly falls out of his seat. “What are you doing here?” he chokes out.

“I don’t know. You told me to come.”

Three pairs of accusing eyes land on Seokjin. 

“… I must have added him to the group chat.”

Taehyung drags a chair from a nearby table and spins it around backwards as he sits so that his arms rest on the back. “So. What’s this about Jiminnie being in love?” 
Yoongi exhales a cloud of smoke into the air, leaning back against the wall of his building. Digging into his pocket, he pulls out the torn-off portion of his cup.Prince Charming, it reads, in much neater scrawl this time. He grins, dropping his cigarette to crush it under the heel of his boot.When he gets back into his apartment, he drops the cardboard into the drawer with the one that reads hot stuff ;). Two can play at this game.This time when Jimin hears, “What’s up, buttercup,” in that increasingly familiar drawl, it’s been three days since the last — not that Jimin has been counting — and he’s mentally prepared himself enough that a faint stutter in his heartbeat is all that marks the state of his nerves.Except, when he comes face to face with his Prince Charming today, he’s sporting a nasty bruise on his jaw and he’s got a split lip. The butterflies in Jimin’s stomach abruptly sink with worry.But he doesn’t want to scare the boy away by fretting. He tries to sound normal when he greets him, but he makes the usual order with a frown on his face. He takes a little extra time to write a longer message, using neat and careful strokes.Before he hands over the drink, he reaches out, boldly dabs at the boy’s lips with a napkin. He tries to be as gentle as possible, wincing at the blooming red on the tissue. This close, he can smell the scent of cigarettes and leather. “Does it hurt?” he asks, pulling back grudgingly. “I could get you some ice.”“It’s fine, angel eyes,” is the reply, and Jimin feels suddenly small under his scrutiny — beautiful under the cautious softening of heavy-lidded eyes. “Looks worse than it is.”Jimin swallows tightly, because he isn’t sure he believes that with the way he’s hunched over a little, less casual leaning against the counter rather than using it to stay standing. Jimin wants to ask, but he doesn’t know if it’d be overstepping some sort of unspoken boundary if he did.All he says is, “Here’s your drink." But he does press a blueberry muffin into his hand with a conspiratorial whisper of, “On the house.”And Prince Charming’s smile is, as they put it in the books, absolutely breathtaking.Yoongi groans for the millionth time, laying an arm across his eyes.“Fucking hurts,” he complains.“I heard you the first five thousand times,” Hoseok grumbles, emerging from the bathroom with the first aid kit. He drops it unceremoniously onto Yoongi’s stomach. “Here, your highness.”“It’s Prince Charming, actually,” Yoongi corrects mildly.Hoseok snorts. “Shut up. Why didn’t you come back here first, anyway? What was so important?”“… Wanted coffee.”Hoseok snorts again with a shake of his head. “Unbelievable.” He sits down on the couch so hard, Yoongi bounces up a bit on his end and has to bite back a groan. He’s aching everywhere. “When are you gonna stop getting into fights, man? You’re in college now. It’s never too late to make a change, you know? Get on the right path and all that — ”“Yeah, yeah,” Yoongi murmurs, drowning out the usual nagging. He thinks of the words written just for him, now sitting in the drawer with the rest.
stud muffin, 

prince charming’s should leave the fighting to the knights. get well soon. 

- sunshine 
Yoongi shuts his eyes, fighting the smile off his face. The nicknames are getting more and more nauseating. He has to step his game up.
“Hey, hyung! Hyung! Are you seriously falling asleep while I’m talking? Hyung…!” 
A week passes before Jimin sees him again. It’s near midnight and he’s about to close up on his own as Seokjin had left in the afternoon because of an emergency, when the bell chimes and Jimin looks up to see his favourite customer stumble in.He staggers over to the counter and Jimin panics, quickly scanning him over for any blood or bruises and dashing around to catch the boy by the shoulders and lead him over to a chair. He doesn’t see any trace of the wounds from last time, but he doesn’t know what’s hidden under the clothes.But when he gets the blonde settled, he smells the faint trace of alcohol when he exhales, mixed with the usual brand of nicotine.“Hi, cupcake,” the blonde drawls, and he might not be as drunk as he seems, because he isn’t slurring, at least.Jimin puts his hands on his hips. “Hello, muffin,” he returns, and it’s all so absolutely ridiculous that they just stay there, grinning at each other for a while. It’s so ridiculous, but Jimin loves this — whatever this is they have.“I’m drunk,” he admits.“I know. Why did you come here? We’re about to close,” Jimin sighs.“Wanted to — wanted to see you. Or something. You’ve got … You’ve got these — ” He makes vague hand motions at the general vicinity of his own face. “These eyes. Like — ”“Angel eyes,” Jimin recalls with a fond but exasperated smile. “I know. You’ve told me.”“You know what’s weird? Really weird?”“Besides you coming into a coffee shop near midnight drunk off your ass?” Jimin quips.“Stop. Don’t… Angels don’t… Don’t swear.” Ah, now he’s slurring.Jimin sighs, before moving to pat at the leather jacket in hopes of finding a phone or something. “I’m not an angel, honey bun.” The gross nickname just… slips out now. It should be embarrassing, but at least no one’s here to hear it. No one sober, at least.“This is going fast, wow. I thought you’d be… the type to, I don’t know, wait until the second date at least — ”“I'm not feeling you up, James Dean, stop pulling on my shirt, you’re gonna rip it. Where’s your phone?”“Good idea.” Jimin doesn’t know what exactly is a good idea here, but he’s pretty sure that this stupid drunkard coming in here at this time hadn’t been one. “Good… You’re smart and beautiful. Wow.” Okay. Maybe this isn’t too bad. Jimin is smiling again despite himself.He finally pulls out his phone from his back pocket, saving Jimin from having to dive in there himself, and practically shoves it into Jimin’s hands while demanding that Jimin put his number in.“Okay, okay. I put it in. Happy?” He had put it in, just not under his own name. He wonders if the blonde will even remember this in the morning. He doubts it. And even if he does, whether or not he’d be able to figure it out. “Do you have someone I could call? To pick you up?”The blonde head lolls forward.“No, hey, hey. Muffin. I need to get you home. Don’t fall asleep yet, please — ”“Namjoon,” he mutters. “Wait. Don’t call him. He might hit on you with… with philo… philosophical…”Jimin calls Namjoon. When he comes around within minutes, Jimin recognizes him as one of the regulars who drinks his mochacinnos with way too much cream.And Namjoon does hit on him, somewhere in the middle of dragging his friend bodily from the café and apologizing on his behalf. At least, Jimin thinks he does.If calling someone a human representation of Maya Angelou’s poem Touched By An Angel counts as flirting.“And then, he was like ‘we are the world!’ and I — ”“Wait, who did you say this guy was?”“I don’t know. Nam... Namjoon? I think?”Jungkook gestures with a hand. “Tall? Kind of gangly? Dimples deeper than the Mariana Trench?”“That’s him.”Jungkook squints at him. Leans in real close. “Do you like him?”No, I like the drunk one! Jimin almost blurts out. “Um, no?” Then, just to turn the tables, he leans forward too. “Why? Do you?”Jungkook leans back immediately. “You know I don’t like dick.”Jimin smacks him with some napkins. Ineffectual, but he has to make do. “Okay, Jungkookie.”“I don’t, hyung.”“Okay.”“… Stop that.”“Stop what?”“You know I hate it when you do that — that thing. So stop.”Jimin smiles. “Your order will be to the left, Jungkookie.”Jungkook jabs a finger at him. “I don’t.”Jimin’s about to wave him off, when a blonde head enters the café and Jimin’s heart just about leaps out of his throat. He’s got his lips twisted in an unpleasant sneer, eyes narrowed on Jungkook’s profile just as the younger has his finger pointed threateningly at Jimin’s face.“Is this kid bothering you?”
Oh no. 
Jimin cringes, because predictably, Jungkook stiffens and tightens like a coil, like he always does at the slightest provocation. “What was that?”“Guys, it’s fine — ”“I asked, are you bothering him?”Jungkook’s brows furrow in annoyance. “I’m not bothering him, we’re friends. What’s it to you?”“Sure doesn’t look like it — ”“Guys!” Jimin’s voice goes ignored.Jungkook is doing that… posturing thing. With his chin lifted and everything, straightening to his maximum height. Jimin has to stop this, fast, before fists go flying. “Yeah? What do you know about Jimin anyway? Matter of fact, who the hell are you?”"Jungkookie — "“Look at this brat,” the blonde scoffs. “Think size is all that, huh? I should kick you down a few notches until you learn to respect your fuckin’ elders — ”“Sugarplum!” Jimin shouts in desperation.More than two pairs of eyes turn to him.Flushing under the attention and the cringe-worthy new nickname, Jimin busies himself fidgeting with his fingers. “T-This is Jungkook. He’s really a friend. And Jungkookie…” Jimin frowns up at the younger boy. “I hope you weren’t just thinking of starting a fight.”“I wouldn’t be starting it — ”“Okay, but you would’ve joined.”Jungkook tightens his jaw; narrows his eyes. “… Sugarplum?”Jimin looks down, and wonders if he could burrow himself several feet below ground and not come up for another twenty years, because — Sugarplum — is looking at him with that weirdly gentle-amused expression and Jimin hates how his insides are turning in knots.“That’s Yoongi to you,” he says to Jungkook. Jimin mouths the name to himself. Yoongi. It suits him. A lot better than Sugarplum, that’s for sure. Even better than Prince Charming and even Muffin — surprise, surprise.“Wait. …Wait.” Jungkook doesn’t even rise to the bait, he looks so completely baffled. “This doesn’t make any sense.”Jimin shrugs, unable to meet his eyes; doesn’t even bother asking what isn’t making sense.“I have to go.” Jungkook bolts out of the café, phone at his ear as he jogs down the street.Yoongi has his hands in his pockets, and he leans his hip against the counter as they watch Jungkook’s back disappear through the window.“He really was your friend, then?”“Hm? Oh. Um, yeah.” When Yoongi still doesn’t look convinced, Jimin adds, “He’s a childhood friend, actually. I’ve known him since he was in diapers. Practically raised him myself.” He’s only half joking. “He wouldn’t lay a hand on me.”“He left his drink,” Yoongi points out.“Want it?” Jimin offers. “Caramel latte.”“Nah. Too sweet.”Jimin shrugs, taking a sip of it himself. He might work in a coffee shop, but it’s not often he actually drinks any.“Sugarplum?” Yoongi says, after a while. His grin is wide and infectious and Jimin blushes to the roots of his hair at the reminder.“I-It just came out — ”“Relax, sweetheart. It was cute.”“Did that just come out too?”“I might have a list,” Yoongi admits.Jimin perks up in interest. “What’s next on the list?”“Sweet dumpling.” Yoongi looks down, and Jimin pinches himself as discreetly as possible because is this supposed bad boy embarrassed? It’s absolutely precious. “I had a friend help out.” He crosses his arms defensively.“Oh my god,” Jimin laughs, breathless for so many reasons. “And the one after it?”“You’ll have to find out, now won't you?”Jimin smiles, grabbing a new cup. “Guess I will. So, who should I make this out to today?”Yoongi pretends to think about it. “Your date?”Jimin’s heart feels like it’s bursting. “Is that a question, Yoongi-ssi?”“That depends. Are you saying yes?”Jimin pretends not to hear, scribbling fiercely onto the cup. “That’ll be four fifty,” he giggles.Yoongi digs through his wallet with a deadpan expression. “You’re really running me dry, pookie bear.”At this, Jimin doubles over laughing, gasping for air.Yoongi sprawls onto his couch when he gets to Namjoon’s place, the empty cup, newly washed, still clutched in his grasp. He runs his fingers over the markered words:
text me, pumpkin ;)
Wouldn’t that be a little easier if he had the kid’s number? Unless…His blood freezes. He only has a vague recollection of stumbling into House of Cards that night when he’d gotten himself piss-faced with a bunch of old highschool friends, but he only remembers what Namjoon told him.Fuck. He hadn’t actually even apologized to Jimin about it.Scrambling for his phone, Yoongi scrolls through his contacts, squinting through each one for a Jimin, because that’s probably the only useful thing he’d gotten from his impromptu meeting with Jungkook.To his disappointment, he doesn’t find a Jimin. He does, however, stop at a contact suspiciously named, Sex before the second date is kind of okay actually. Yoongi clicks it in wonder. When the line connects, he’s greeted with Jimin’s breezy laughter, and his chest is positively soaring at this point.“Hey, marshmallow,” Yoongi says lowly, his list all but forgotten.“Dork.” But Jimin’s laughing again, and it’s music to Yoongi’s ears. “Hi to you too, sugar pie.”Yoongi wrinkles his nose, trying in vain not to laugh and sounding more like he’s dying than anything else. “So. Is that a yes?”“It’s a yes.”Yoongi leans back, feeling on top of the world.“I’m telling you! Jimin-hyung’s dating some guy named Yoongi, he calls him Sugarplum and everything! Why would I be making this up?”“It just doesn’t make sense!” Namjoon protests. “I know Yoongi! He’s like… a terrible little old man! He smokes like a chimney! What does Jimin see in him!”Seokjin puts up a timid hand. “Sugarplum?”Jungkook huffs. “I don’t know. It’s a nickname or something, I don’t know, all I know is that it’s gross, I don’t like him, he’s probably making Jimin-hyung call him all sorts of weird things and, honestly? I’d rather Jimin be dating Taehyung — ”Hoseok makes a noise at the back of his throat because that’s a subject he doesn’t want to re-visit. “Yoongi hasn’t mentioned Jimin even once. I didn’t even know they knew each other.”“You didn’t mention me even once?”“Holy shit,” Seokjin curses, falling out of his seat once again, and Namjoon fumbles with his drink, juggling it an impressive three times before it falls to the ground with a loud slosh.“My shoes,” Jungkook bemoans.“What are you two doing here?” Hoseok demands as Yoongi sits down in the empty seat, dragging over another one for Jimin as an afterthought.Jimin holds out his phone, brows raised into his bangs. “The kakao group?”“I must have added him out of habit,” Jungkook realizes. Namjoon socks him in the shoulder. Jungkook hits him back, twice as hard by the looks of it.“Why does this keep happening.” Seokjin puts his face in his hands.“Why does what keep happening?” Jimin wonders.Seokjin just makes a noise of distress.“Okay,” Yoongi drawls, getting to his feet. “I’m going to get a drink. Thirsty as fuck.” He soundly ignores Jungkook’s cough of yes, you are.Hoseok puts up his hand. “Get me something chocolatey!”“I want something cold,” Namjoon pipes up. “Like a frap or something.”Yoongi glowers but doesn’t deny them, already digging in his pockets for his wallet. “Can’t you fuckers be more specific?” He turns to Jimin, looking resigned to his role. “Want anything, baby doll?”Sudden.Pin drop.
Silence.
Yoongi’s face colours. “I – shit. Um. That just.”“Came out?” Jimin finishes weakly. The sea of disbelieving faces surrounding him is, frankly, quite terrifying. He makes shooing motions with his hands at Yoongi. “I want a green tea latte, babe.” Oh god. It really just slips out now. The mounting horror. Jimin is so, so red, he thinks he might spontaneously combust on the spot. “I mean. Just. Please. Go. Get it?”Yoongi nods once, tight and jerky, and books it out of there before Jimin’s even done talking.Jimin puts his face in his hands, left in the line of fire.“Can we pretend that didn’t happen?” he chokes out.The others seem to snap out of the initial shock. Jungkook slams a fist onto the table. “First sugarplum, now this,” he hisses. “I told you I wasn’t making shit up, guys!”At the same time, Seokjin is babbling out questions, like When did this start? Why did this start? What are you two doing? Are you guys having safe — Jimin moans into his hands. “It’s just a stupid g-game we started ‘cause I didn’t hear his name the first time and wrote… wrote random shit on his coffee cup!”“So you’re not boyfriends?” Hoseok asks, confusion written all over his face.“How do you say all those nicknames without puking every time?” is what Jungkook wants to know.“We’re… I don’t know. I’m not sure yet?”“You like him,” Seokjin realizes.“Well. We… We have a date planned? So maybe?” Jimin hates this interrogation. He resists the urge to stomp his foot childishly.Namjoon speaks up. “So, let me get this straight. You’re not in love with Taehyung?”“… Excuse me?”“Seokjin-hyung said that you were. In love with Taehyung,” Hoseok says, looking more confused by the second. Jimin can relate.Because first of all. Actually, where does he even start with this?“I’m not in love with Taehyung,” Jimin says slowly.“Oh. Well, this is awkward,” says Taehyung.“I’m not going to fall. I’m not falling this time,” Seokjin declares. “Also, who invited you.”“Uh, I did,” Jimin admits. “Was I not supposed to?”“Why am I never supposed to be invited to these things?” Taehyung pouts. He plops down in Yoongi’s seat, taking a loud slurp of his purple slushie. He frowns in concentration, because the swirly straw is really not ideal for this job.“I’m not in love with him,” Jimin declares with greater surety as he eyes his best friend.“And I even got you a blue slushie.” Taehyung holds out said offering.“I’m not so easily swayed.” After a beat, Jimin snatches it from him anyway. “But I accept your offer to pine after me and give me massages when I’m tired.”“I already do that. Being your best friend is hard,” Taehyung laments.Jimin squints at him. “Are you in love with me?”Taehyung looks up from his drink, nose scrunched up. And it’s at this very moment, Yoongi comes back with his tray of drinks and it is like some very strange and inconvenient rom com.He drops the tray to the table. “Was I gone that long? And the light of my life has already replaced me?”“I’m not your replacement,” Taehyung disagrees. “I was here first.”“Actually — ”“In Jimin’s life. I was here. Before you. Whoever you are.” Taehyung takes another loud slurp.Jimin puts up his hand. “Okay, before things get weird. I’d like to point out that this is my best friend Taehyung, whom I’m not in a romantic relationship with. And that’s my pudding pop — Yoongi. Whom I’d… like to pursue a romantic relationship with.”Yoongi looks distinctly pleased.Jungkook looks vaguely sickened. “Someone make them stop.”“If this is you two pre-first-date, I’d hate to see what you’re like married,” Hoseok agrees.“At least that’s cleared up,” Seokjin mumbles, and is drowned out by Namjoon’s exclamation of, “So that’s why Yoongi asked me to help make that list of greasy pet-names!”“That’s technically cheating,” Jimin pouts. “I came up with all of mine on my own.”“His internet history says otherwise,” Taehyung informs everyone.Jimin elbows him, mindful of their drinks. “Whatever. I still won.”“Game’s not over, sweetie pie,” Yoongi grins. “Not even close.”Jimin sets down his slushie, smiling shy and wide. “Is that so, Romeo.”Yoongi moves closer, leaning against Jimin’s chair as his is still preoccupied. He cards his fingers through the soft hairs at Jimin’s nape. “You’re good at this, Minnie Mouse,” he murmurs.For a moment, Jimin forgets that they have an audience. He giggles, leaning into the touch nonetheless. “I’ve just gotten started, cocoa puff.”Jungkook mimes gagging. “Can you two not date.”“I think pet-names are a cute way of declaring mutual affection,” Namjoon argues. “I support this endeavor. Showing affection publicly shouldn’t be shamed, but rather embraced, because society…”And as the table dissolves into a heated discussion about PDA and whether or not it should be a thing, the subject of Jimin’s love-life is finally dissolved. Later that day, when Yoongi's taking him to his car, he stops Jimin with a hand to his elbow before he can get in, nudging him gently so his back hits the car door. Jimin blinks in question, but keeps his mouth shut — doesn't want to shatter the way Yoongi's staring at him with something Jimin thinks might be reverence.He brushes a thumb against Jimin's bottom lip. Jimin's breath catches in his throat at the proximity. "Park Jimin. You've got something on your face.""What is it?" Jimin whispers, lips spreading into a shy grin, because he thinks none of the ridiculous nicknames they've been using all this time even compares to the way his name rolls of Yoongi's tongue. He wants to hear it in every variation — every cadence — wants to breathe Yoongi's name even more. "Beauty," Yoongi says, grinning right back. Jimin laughs through the kiss Yoongi presses into him, and gasps Yoongi's name just because he can; lets Yoongi twine their tongues together into something sweet.He doesn't know who won their little war of nicknames, but he doesn't think it matters very much, when they've both won something better.fin.“Let me get this straight,” Pidge raised a calculative eyebrow, pinching the bridge of their nose, “you want to buy her a cactus?”“Well yes—and no,” Lance palmed the back of his neck, both of them walking down the street, one hand rooted deep into his worn university sweatshirt. They moved slowly, basking in the pleasant autumn chill that left leaves strewn about, breaking softly underneath the soles of their feet. He liked it that way, the glow of not-quite summer and the bite of almost winter—a pleasant in between that made his pining all the more ironic. “I want to buy her a cactus, but like, a meaningful one, you know? Chicks dig that sort of stuff, man.”“Don’t call me ‘man’,” Pidge rolled their eyes, middle finger coming up to push at the bridge of their glasses, “please don’t tell me you’re referring to the language of flowers. I’m almost a hundred and thirty-seven percent sure cacti are not symbolic of romance.”Lance gave a flippant scoff, waving Pidge off with a rolling palm. It was almost routine, how they found themselves in one another’s company—brought together more often by coincidence than delicate planning. The town was only so big, after all, and the college likewise; there was pretty little he could do to avoid classmates - not that he tried often. Lance was a social being, and even though run-ins at the grocery store down fifths were hardly an ideal, he supposed it wasn’t too bad of a meeting spot for daily gossip. However, that wasn’t always the case, and Lance often found himself hungover, clad in sweats and a stained crew-neck, trying to maneuver a labyrinth of isles—least to say, running into particularly voluble neighbors only served to feed the budding migraine and press on his tender nerves.That morning, though, was different. It involved Lance actively seeking out Pidge.And so he had, walking through a town that was small in nature, riddled with short buildings and French balconies, in the heart of the woods. A secluded spot, and even as someone who generally disliked the outdoors, Lance could admit that it had it’s own charm and aesthetic, even if it made Lance want to trip every cyclist that rode past them. “You just don’t get it, do ya, Pidgeon.”“I swear by the moon, Lance,” it was an empty threat, paired with a shaken head. There was only so much of Lance one could handle before it became a little too much.“But seriously,” he continued, spreading his arms out to prove a point, “think about it - a cute little small thing with flowers or something. It’s perfect, girls like cute things.”Pidge crossed their arms over a narrow chest, oversized knit sweater bunching up at the crease of their elbow. They threw Lance a side glance, smirking softly, “you don’t know very much about girls, do you, Casanova?”Scoff, “more than you, midget.”“I find that a little hard to believe,” they laughed, a joyful chirrup that was too amused for Lance’s liking. A small, and colorfully bandaged set of fingers came up to stifle the sound in response to his glaring. There was no getting used to how often Pidge laughed at his expense, and no matter how routinely that tended to happen, Lance continued to be offended and his pride continued to bruise. It was a wonder he still had an ego as large as he did. “I think that cactus you want to buy has more of a personality than you.”Lance stopped in his tracks leaning down to Pidge’s height to sneer at them through narrowed eyes, “you are a mean, mean little thing.”“So I’ve been told.” Pidge responded with an amused smile, eyebrows high and playful behind their glasses, “everything aside, what the hell makes you think a prickly fern is the way into a woman’s heart? Most - normal - people go for roses and stuff, you know, the normal and more poetic symbol for ‘let’s bang’”Stepping back, Lance puckered his lips in thought, head tipped back. “Dunno, seemed like a smart idea - besides, have you ever tried to kill a cactus?” His head snapped to Pidge, eyes widened for comic emphasis, “that shit’s impossible.”Pidge paused, “wait, why the fuck have you tried to kill a cactus before?”“You haven’t?”They stared at him incredulously, “no?”Lance rolled his eyes and started walking again, “doesn’t matter, either way, she won’t have to go through the hassle of taking care of it. Girls like efficiency, right? That’s plenty efficient!”Pidge didn’t move from their grounded spot, staring solemnly at the back of Lance’s head. “Was your last girlfriend a toaster, Lance? Because at this point, I’m not buying the argument that you’ve dated anything that breathes.”“Oi!” Lance turned on his heel, mouth unhinged in offense, “are you going to help me or not?”Pidge relented, heaving in an exaggerated breath before walking forward and grabbing his arm, “I feel like if I don’t, you’ll buy her something fatally poisonous by mistake. Last thing I need is a friend in jail, no matter how handy those connections might be.”Lance was fortune’s fool; he was a simple man, driven to the strangest of situations by fate’s fickle strings, or so he liked to dramatically insert whenever possible. The morning had faded into afternoon, with the winter sun bearing down on both of them, and for such a small town, Lance didn’t understand the lack of florists. The alleyways and side streets were littered in independent cafés, greeting them with creative chalkboards and the lingering smell of caramel; tight homes were lined up side-by-side, mock mirroring the gothic dutch suburb, with balconies woven in blooming vines—ones that Lance had a difficult time believing were a la naturale, so to speak. People had to have planted them, and even though the moss green that dug itself into the fissures of the old buildings looked quite old in itself, the young flowerpots set quaintly in balcony gardens told a different story. It all begged the question of where all the flower shops went, because two hardly sufficed, and Lance’s patience, thin by nature, was wearing thinner with every passing moment. Pidge had dragged him around all morning, claiming to have known a particular florist near campus that sold most of the graduation bouquets and flower arrangements, and like a fool, Lance had followed them. It was only when they stopped in front of an abandoned shack, dusty and very much empty of any type of life - plant or human - did Pidge’s wince and their gentle ‘whoops’ finally sink the remaining sediments of Lance’s patience into the ocean. It was, in actuality, an honest miscalculation - but Lance was not the type to let anyone live anything down.“I swear they were here a couple of months ago!” Pidge squawked, stepping past Lance’s devastatingly irate deadpan, to push into the shop. They hadn’t needed to do much other than step onto the threshold before the door fell of its hinges and crashed to the side in a mess of glass and splintered rosewood. Biting their lip, beating down on a guilty smile, Pidge looked over their shoulder at Lance.“Clearly.” Lance raised an eyebrow, sarcastic apathy weighing itself heavy on his tongue, “if i didn’t know any better, I’d say they left yesterday - I mean just look at the pristine condition of this store right here - ah, can’t you smell the jasmine?”“You’re such a dick.” Pidge’s face colored when they rolled their eyes, adjusting their glasses with one palm, while the other arm tied neatly across their torso. “You’re the one who didn’t like anything the last florist had to offer!”“Oh, ho, ho, no you don’t.” Lance’s face widened in a grin, stepping forward to waggle an index finger a breath’s proximity from Pidge’s nose, “you are not pinning this on me, this was all on you. You said this dude would have some fucking cacti!”“Goddamn it, Lance!” they snapped, stomping a suede-clad foot onto some broken glass, before slapping the out-stretched hand away, “why don’t you just buy normal flowers like every other normal person, jeez! Stop being a hipster!”Lance scoffed with an incredulous smile, leaning back with a lone finger pointing at his chest,“I’m being a hipster? Sweet quiznak, Pidgeon, do you own a mirror? I want a cactus, you, on the other hand, are wearing a floral print for god's sake!”“Irrelevant!” Pidge snapped, before heaving dejectedly, “either way, what’re you gonna do now?”Lance sighed as well, toeing at the rough gravel with a worn pair of worn white canvas shoes, before dropping to settle on the pavement. He brought his knees up, long legs crossing at the ankles as he rested his elbows onto the elevated peaks. Lance smiled teasingly, “I have no idea. What am I supposed to get her now? I’m more broke than your glasses at a tech store - on like, black friday.”Their deadpan was tangible, “wow, you’re an asshole.”“If I didn’t know you better, cheesecake, I’d say you sounded surprised.” Lance chuckled, receiving a steady and strong hit to the back of the head, before Pidge settled their small form by him, legs crossed, head tilted back. He sighed, “you do know I’m kidding though, right?”“Are you explaining yourself?” they laughed, “my gods, someone’s in a pathetic mood.”“You know what, I take it back. You’re Satan’s butthole.”“Thanks, John Donne.”Lance rolled his eyes, before falling back onto the pavement, lean arms folded behind his head. He ignored the bite of the small bits and pieces of tinted glass that made it past the grey of his cotton sleeve. Eyes sliding closed, he felt Pidge shift uncomfortably beside him, looking up into the sun; all jokes aside, he knew he’d made them feel genuinely guilty. Pidge, he found, was the single most intelligent person he’d ever come across—a small thing, with the bite and brain of a mountain lion; they never made mistakes, they never miscalculated, they were never wrong—and it bothered them to an impossible extent when it was at the expense of others, even if those others happened to be Lance trying to woo a particularly uninterested female specimen. He sighed, Pidge was the greatest.“So, Pidge-pie, you wanna grab a cup of coffee as we ponder over this depressing turn of events? You’re off the hook for the rest of the day, scout’s honor.” He pushed himself up with a soft grunt, placing an encouraging palm on the small of their back. He was a little tired himself, and no matter how little the town was, it was quite the walk to take it from top to bottom, and around the corners, a couple of times. It’s not like theres anything I can do at this point, he bit his lip, the prickly pear will have to wait. “Who knew it would be this hard to find a freaking plant, though, yikes.”Pidge groaned loudly, letting a risen Lance pull them to their feet, “this is so shit, seriously—how could they be closed, people actually liked them!”“S’okay, Pid-pid, you’ll get it right next time,” Lance shrugged happily, “hopefully you don’t try again when I’m with you, because damn, what a waste of time!”“That was the most backhanded compliment I’ve ever received,” Pidge curled their lips, briefly knocking their shoulder into Lance’s, “also, is it just me or is your choice in nicknames getting gradually worse?”“It’s just you.”“Oh, yeah, I’m sure.”They walked back the way they came, the tight downtown starting to breathe with the life of the afternoon. The normally calm streets beginning to heave with students who’d used their weekend’s morning to sleep in, unlike Lance, who was starting to regret his decisions over the course of the last twenty-four hours. He wasn’t sure which he regret more, the fact he decided to stay up all night streaming a silly animated mecha-show instead of sleeping - simply because he could - or the fact he decided to drag Pidge out so early in the first place. He’d actually had to catch up to them as they ran their morning jog—and although Lance was a far cry from unfit, the lack of rest left him heaving. Never abusing my weekend power ever again, he sighed, digging both palms into his hooded university sweatshirt.They finally came to a decisive stop in front of a small coffeeshop, the interior and exterior made of seamless white brick, a witty chalkboard open by the door with a pun that Lance paid little heed. It was unlike him to bypass a bad joke, particularly in the presence of Pidge of all people, because their pained groans were far too amusing to forfeit. Lance gave it a once over; he wasn’t feeling it, given their recent defeat. Fuck it, that was a good pun, I’ll laugh later. He pushed past the glass door and into the pleasant warmth of the shop, familiar mismatched lounge chairs coming into view with the typical musty scent of vanilla and earthy coffee.Lance’s resting frown was upturned into a lopsided smirk at the sight in front of him: Hunk manning the counter.“Oi, oi, big guy!” Lance brought two fingers to his lips, letting out a loud, ear-splitting whistle. Lance ignored the groans all around the cramped café, from studying students to Pidge who elbowed him roughly, “Hunk!”The man in question paused his wiping of the service bar in favor of looking up curiously. At the sight of a grinning Lance, and an irritated Pidge, Hunk’s smile grew, “hey man!”Lance strut to the counter, resting his elbow on it leisurely, “what’s up, Hulk? Wanna fix me up something good, a vanilla latte or something?”“Lance, I think your gay is showing,” Pidge shook their head, an amused smile playing on their lips, bandaged fingers brushing over the expression.“I’ll have you know, I am not gay, you little shit,” he tossed them a flippant eye-roll, “I’m a man of the people; I happen to like men and women. Sorry to disappoint, Pidge, but maybe we can bang in ten years, because the pedophillic scene really just isn't for me. ”“As if.”“Okay guys,” Hunk laughed nervously, folding the towel and setting it to the side, “I’d love to make you all the sexually-confusing drinks you’d like, but I actually got to run an errand for the shop before I’m off the clock.”“But Hunk, I’ll die of dehydration, you insensitive prick.” Lance dramatically placed the back of a hand to his forehead, leaning into Hunk’s personal space, who only chuckled, pushing at Lance’s shoulder playfully. Lance’s whining had become something akin to a habitual happening—an unyielding constant that everyone had to deal with.“I’m pretty sure you’ll live, McClain.”“I’m not sure,” Pidge added, smirking, “you see, Hunk, our boy Lance here is thirsty in more ways than one.”At this, Lance fell back from the counter, straightening out his posture with visibly raised hackles, “hey, you little shit!”Pidge ignored him entirely, putting both palms into the back pockets of their jeans as they turned to Hunk with a curious smile, “where you off to anyway?”Lance’s offended voice became background noise when Hunk sighed, leaning forward on both elbows over the counter, “boss wants me to pick up some things for the shop—if I’m being entirely honest with you, I’d rather stick around and finish up the brownies I’m making.” He looked around a little cautiously before gesturing for both of them to lean in. He cupped his mouth, “Coran can’t bake for shit, dudes, and guess who’s on the next shift?”Lance’s snort became a series of short scoffs before blowing out into a full, hearty laugh, “ah, shit—that guy’s stuff is like year old scones, fuck.”Hunk looked around before he turned to Lance nervously, twiddling his thumbs, “jeez, keep your voice down—I know, right? God, one time he was making pudding and it turned out green, Lance. Green, and that would normally be okay if, you know, it was pistachio mousse or something—but no, it was chocolate. I don’t know how that’s even possible, man!”By now, even Pidge had joined Lance in his choppy laughs, “gods, why does this guy still have a job?”“Well,” Hunk swallowed, “he owns the place for one.”Lance gave a low whistle; no one was laughing anymore, “oh.”Pidge cleared their throat, effectively breaking the silence that had fallen over them. “Well, where you headed?”“He wants air-plants for the ceiling, man. I don’t even know what those are,” Hunk groaned, his head dropping into two open and ready palms, “he made an order from some florist down the street or something. I don’t know.”Pidge both almost heard and predicted the perky snap of Lance’s head towards them before they actually saw it, the daring grin painting their peripheral. Pidge frowned, “but there isn’t one. Me and Lance tore through all the florists in this town this morning, one by one.”Hunk disregarded Lance’s bitter ‘they were three, so it wasn’t that hard’, “this one just opened then? I don’t know. I just know it exists and boss needs me to pick up some stuff.”“You’re in luck then!” Lance reached over the counter, pulling Hunk into a side-embrace, a baleful smile plotted on his features, “because I,” his narrowed eyes landed on Pidge, “have an idea.” Kim Taehyung works part-time as a barista slash cashier at the cafe around the corner of his street. He and his best friend, Park Jimin, had been working there ever since graduating high school almost a year and a half ago, and now balancing freshman year of college and part-time work.  He comes across at least a hundred customers per day and while some had caught his attention, he was never kept intrigued for long. It was either because he always found someone else who was much more interesting and eye-catching, or the customer just didn't return often enough for Taehyung to maintain his curiosity.  But there is one customer, a high school boy, who had someone managed to capture Taehyung's attention. There isn't exactly anything special about the boy - fair skinned, neat and short trimmed raven hair, huge round eyes, chubby cheeks and red pouty lips - but Taehyung somehow finds himself drawn in.  Taehyung was appointed as the front line cashier one fine Friday during summer, when he saw the boy for the first time; dressed in a school uniform and an absolute adorable stuttering and blushing mess in front of him.   "Good evening, what can I get for you?" Taehyung greets warmly with a smile.  "U-um, what's good h-here?" The boy's cheeks flush and Taehyung couldn't help the upward quirk of his lips.  "All are good but it depends... Coffee or non-coffee?"  "N-non-coffee please," the boy mumbles, but the cafe is quiet enough for Taehyung to pick it up.  Taehyung chuckles, "Not into coffee, huh?" The boy blushes again as he shakes his head. Cute. "How about Double Chocolate Ice Blended? One of my all-time favorites."  The boy contemplates for a second before he shyly nods, "Okay."  "Whipped cream?" The boy nods again and Taehyung keys the order into the system before he reaches out for a cup, "Oh, regular or large?"  The boy looks mildly flustered (and Taehyung thinks the boy might be thinking somewhere along the lines of I just wanted a drink why do I have to answer so many questions) but quickly composes himself, "Um, r-regular is f-fine."  "Regular double choco ice blended coming your way then!" Taehyung chirps and grabs the regular sized plastic cup before turning to the boy again, "And what would be the name of this lovely boy I am serving?" Taehyung purposely drops an octave lower, and he finds himself cooing internally at how the boy flushes once more, mouth opening and closing.  "J-Jungkook, Jeon Jungkook"  Taehyung hums before writing it on the cardboard around the cup, "Pretty name for a cute boy like yourself," he flashes a grin and the boy- Jungkook- splutters, eyes wide and ears turning red as he half protests and half thanks Taehyung.  Even as Taehyung receives the payment from Jungkook, he purposely grazes his fingers with Jungkook's. He finds himself reveling at how the round eyes widen just the slightest and how the blush on the raven boy's face darkens, before he scurries away to the other side of the counter to wait for his order.  Jungkook keeps his head down as he patiently waits and Taehyung serves the next customer, occasionally stealing glances at the boy, briefly wondering if he had crossed a line. He didn't mean to make the boy flustered, but the reactions he had gotten was so damn adorable that he couldn't help himself. And when Jimin is done and hands Jungkook his drink across the counter, Taehyung watches with amusement as Jungkook immediately heads out, fumbling with the door that wouldn't budge because he pushed instead of pull.  And just like that, Taehyung finds himself smiling for the rest of the evening, thinking of blushes on fair skin and round innocent eyes.  --  Taehyung had been so sure that that would be his first and last encounter with Jungkook. He was so so so sure that he had scared Jungkook off and had gotten himself, and the cafe, on the boy's blacklist but surprisingly he was wrong.  The following Friday, there is a chime and Taehyung looks up from his phone to smile at the customer. When he sees neat raven hair and familiar round eyes, his smile gets wider.  "Good evening, what can I get for you today, Jungkook?" He smiles softly, eyes bright as he looks down at his slightly shorter customer, patiently.  Jungkook looks surprised that Taehyung remembers his name but well, how can he forget such a cute boy?  "Um, I guess Double Chocolate Ice Blended will do,"  "Oh wow, you're not blushing and stuttering today!" Taehyung teases and just at the mention of it, Jungkook actually does blush and look away from Taehyung's eyes. Taehyung feels a flutter within his chest because how can someone sound confident one moment and blush the next moment? "Regular and whipped cream, yes?"  Jungkook nods and Taehyung smiles, proceeding to the routine of keying in the order and writing the customers' names on the cup, before placing it on a rack and promptly pressing a bell to alert Jimin of a new order.  Taehyung accepts the payment and he almost laughs when Jungkook hands him a bill by holding the very edge of it, as if afraid Taehyung would accidentally touch him again. "You're from that art school beside the national library right?" Taehyung asks when he sees no queue behind the boy. No harm for small talk, right? And also maybe because he wanted to know more about this cute boy in front of him. Jungkook nods hesitantly. "Which grade?"  "Um, second grade."  "Oh! Graduating next year then? All the best!" Taehyung pumps a fist in the air and Jungkook actually smiles for the first time, immediately reminding Taehyung of a cute bunny. "You're really cute by the w- ouch!" Taehyung winces and he turns around to glare at whoever hit his head but when he comes face to face with his manager, Kim Seokjin, he immediately gulps and cowers.  "Uh," he starts.  "What did I tell you about flirting with the customers?"  Taehyung pouts a little, "But I wasn't! It's called being friendly,"  His manager rolls his eyes, "Like hell," he mutters. "Switch with Jimin," the older man jerks his head backwards to Jimin who is blending the beverage and slightly dancing to a song playing in his head.  Taehyung pouts even more and then huffs, begrudgingly turning to take over Jimin's place behind him, but not before glancing at Jungkook and discreetly shooting a wink, making the younger boy blush again.  Satisfied, he elbows Jimin out of the way when the blender stops. And with muscle memory, he pours the mix into Jungkook's cup until it fills to the brim, spraying whipped cream and putting the lid on. He side glances to check if his manager is still present and when he sees no sight of the man, he digs out a marker from the pocket of his apron. Hurriedly, he scribbles somewhere beside Jungkook's name.  When he passes Jungkook his drink, he makes sure that what he has scribbled is facing the younger boy and he watches as the boy's eyes fall on it. He freezes slightly before glancing at Taehyung. And of course Taehyung wouldn't want to miss a chance. He winks at Jungkook before returning to his place at the blending machines, feeling satisfied when he sees Jungkook hastily walking out of the cafe.  Jimin turns to look at Taehyung questioningly, eyes sparkling with curiosity, "What did you do to the poor boy?"  Taehyung laughs and shrugs, eyes twinkling with mischief.    
you're really really really cute!! ^^
  --  Taehyung is even more surprised when Jungkook doesn't stop coming to the cafe. As if being teased by him wasn't embarrassing enough for the younger boy. But Taehyung is secretly glad, because he gets to have some fun as he attempts to flirt with the raven haired boy and hey, maybe Jungkook isn't opposed to the whole thing which is why he keeps coming back no matter how badly Taehyung makes him flustered.  Even his other co-workers have come to acknowledge of Taehyung's slight obsession towards teasing the high school boy and they don't particularly mind because they agree that Jungkook is really beyond adorable. And they also liked seeing how Taehyung smiles so brightly at the younger boy and how the latter's eyes seem to be glowing even when he gets embarrassed. They think the Taehyung-Jungkook interaction is cute.  His manager doesn't think so though, because Taehyung gets banished to the position of a barista when he sees Taehyung harassing the poor flustered kid.  And it honestly sucks coffee beans because he sees and talks to Jungkook for only 13 seconds (no he didn't count) when the boy drops in every Friday, compared to an approximate of 25 to 30 seconds when he attends the front line.  Taehyung secretly prays to Santa that Seokjin will not get his present this year because bad boys don't get presents, right?  But that doesn't deter Taehyung from scribbling short messages, both flirty and encouraging, or cute drawings, like an elephant or kittens or lions, on the cardboard fitted around the body of the cup.  When he passes Jungkook his beverage, the boy doesn't stutter or blush as much as he did before since it has been a little over three months since his first visit. He smiles shyly at Taehyung now, already used to all the teasing, and only blushes when Taehyung writes embarrassing things or compliments on the cardboard.  And Taehyung really really likes the shy smile on Jungkook's face so he never fails to write a little something whenever the boy comes around on Fridays, until it becomes a habit.  --  "Why don't you ask him out?" Jimin asks him when they are walking home one night after closing up the cafe.  Taehyung scrunches his nose, scratching it, "Nah, I don't exactly like him like that. He's just cute." He pauses and adds as an afterthought, "I think."  Jimin snorts, "You like him alright. Are you perhaps waiting for him to become an adult? I mean, he is in high school right now while you're already a college student."  "Not exactly, I'm actually pretty contented with it being like this." He ignores the weird look Jimin gives him. "Plus Seokjin hyung is gonna kill me, telling me I seduce the customers," he chuckles just thinking of how much scolding he had gotten by his manager ever since Jungkook came around. Jimin laughs along.  "You know he doesn't really mean it, right? Or maybe he does. Maybe he's just worried for Jungkook and doesn't want such an innocent boy to be in the likes of someone like you."  Taehyung furrows his brows, "What do you mean someone like me?"  Jimin smirks, "Oh I don't know? A college student preying on innocent high school boys maybe? Pedophile?"  Taehyung gasps and whacks Jimin in the arm, "Am not!" He stops walking and huffs angrily when Jimin continues cackling. "And Jungkook's only 2 years younger than us, okay?" When his best friend doesn't stop laughing, he runs and jumps, throwing himself on Jimin's back, making the other boy yelp in surprise. "You hurt my feelings Park Jimin, you're so piggy backing me back home."  Jimin makes a noise of irritation but he hooks his arms underneath Taehyung's legs nevertheless. "Anyway, winter break's coming."  "Yeah, and so?"  "So... Jungkook might not come around because hey, there's no school right?"  It sinks in and Taehyung suddenly feels a little sad at the thought of not seeing his bunny, "Oh."  "Yeah. Still not going to confess?"  Taehyung leans his head against Jimin's, "I'll think about it when he graduates."  -- When winter break comes around in December, Jungkook really stops coming to the cafe.  Taehyung finds himself pouting and whining on Fridays as he mixes the beverages and brews the coffee. He finds himself missing the younger boy's round eyes and shy smiles and hell, he even misses writing messages and drawing cute shit on the boy's cup. By the end of the third week, Taehyung feels extremely lethargic because he isn't getting his weekly dosage of cute bunnies in the form of a high school boy.  Jimin pats him in the back each time and offers Taehyung a piggy back every Friday night after they do close up and Taehyung almost wants to cry at how super duper amazing his best friend is.  "Don't worry, TaeTae, only three weeks left!"  --  Three weeks later, Taehyung goes to work feeling giddy and excited at the thought of seeing Jungkook again. He doesn't even try to deny Jimin's teasing of his hopeless crush with the younger boy.  Because it's true. Taehyung is definitely crushing on Jungkook. He spent the entire one and a half months of high school students' winter break working on his school work and brewing up beverages for customers. It's not like it isn't fun at all, but he feels slightly empty when Jungkook doesn't come through the door on Friday evenings with his round eyes and shy smiles. He had been whining continuously at Jimin and the other new part-time worker, Hoseok, about how bunny deprived he is and now that winter break is over, he is bouncing in his spot every single day.   It takes like forever before Friday finally rolls around and Taehyung keeps turning back from the machines to look at the door whenever he hears the chime. He almost gets whiplash at how fast and eager he turns his head. Well, he doesn't, but he definitely gets dizzy from all the turning and Jimin's laughter and teasing starts to get annoying by the minute.  "Seriously TaeTae, relax will you? I'll let you know when he comes in."   There are no customers and Taehyung is playing Crossy Road on his phone when he vaguely hears the sound of the chime.  "TaeTae! Bunny sighted at 12 o'clock!" Jimin half whispers, half shouts, causing Taehyung to accidentally send his chicken into the river. He frowns and almost wants to bite Jimin's hand that had been poking his thigh.  "Jimin I-"  "Hi! Evening, what can I get for you today?"  Taehyung hears Jimin greet the customer and he peeks out from behind Jimin's body and feels his jaw go slack.  Jungkook's hair has positively grown longer over the holidays and one would think that students would chop it off before school reopens but apparently not Jungkook. The short hair has grown much longer, falling over his eyebrows, and currently sporting a shade of dark brown, and oh my god is that a piercing? The younger boy doesn't look like a kid anymore and rather than plain cute, he's a mixture of cute and handsome.  
Wow.
  He gapes until Jimin knocks him on the head with the plastic cup and demands him to get to work because the beverages won't make themselves, idiot.  Half his mind is floating back to Jungkook as he works on said boy's order of the usual Double Chocolate and he accidentally sprays a little too much of the whipped cream that it kind of overflows messily when he places the lid on. Staring at it for a second, he shrugs and reaches out for the marker in his apron's pocket and scribbles a final lap! fighting! p.s you look good and a smiley face beside Jungkook's name. He turns around to the waiting customer and grins, eyes flickering from the brown hair and the piercings and then to Jungkook's eyes.  "I hope you don't mind extra whipped cream," he says sheepishly.  Jungkook looks at the cup of overflowing whipped cream before he looks at Taehyung with amusement playing his face. He shakes his head and smiles, "Extra whipped cream is fine. Thank you."  Taehyung nods dumbly and continues to stare at Jungkook's retreating figure until the younger boy steps out of the shop because is that his cute bunny or...?  Wow.   He really missed Jungkook.  "Kim Taehyung!" A scream of his name jolts him out of his daze and he looks at Seokjin, wide-eyed, as the man points to the orders in queue, and he scrambles back to his machines, muttering an apology.   --  It takes time for Taehyung to get used to the change in Jungkook’s appearance. He finds himself staring just a tad bit longer whenever Jungkook collects his order from him. And he thinks he sees what seems like a glint in those round eyes, but he’s not too sure what it means. Still, it doesn’t stop him from scribbling on Jungkook’s cup and even though the younger boy doesn’t mention it, he always gives Taehyung a knowing look from over the counter and Taehyung smiles back, feeling his heart beat a little faster.  But just when Taehyung is starting to get used to and get over the hair and piercings, Jungkook comes in and catches Taehyung off guard two months later.  Not only did Jungkook enter the café on a Saturday evening, the younger boy also, instead of the usual yellow blazer and black pants, comes in wearing a white loose tank top and black sweatpants and his hair is wet.  Wet.  And those arms.  When was Jungkook this attractive?  Taehyung chokes on the Caramel Ice Blended he is sipping on and the coughing fits has every head turning at him, including Jungkook. His eyes lock with that belonging to Jungkook and he sees the younger boy’s wide eyes looking at him with shock and concern. Taehyung can feel his face growing hotter and he immediately flees through the STAFF ONLY door, startling Hoseok who is having his break.  “What the-“ Hoseok puts down his meal and bends over Taehyung, slapping his back.  Taehyung points at the door outside, “C-cus- coughs- tomers,” he wheezes.  “What about you? Are you going to be okay?”  “I’m ninety nine percent- coughs- sure I’m gonna survive this ordeal- coughs- I can’t die yet! I haven’t sent- coughs- Soonshim for marriage!” He cries out.  Hoseok gives him one last pat at the back before grabbing a bottle of water and passing it to him, “Take your time.”   Ten minutes after he’s stopped coughing and stopped staring blankly into space, he takes a peek outside. When he has confirmed that Jungkook is gone, he quietly walks to where Jimin and Hoseok is.  Jimin looks up from sipping on his drink and raises an eyebrow, “Real smooth, TaeTae, real smooth.”  Taehyung groans before glaring at the offensive beverage in Jimin’s hand and he just really wants to burn it for putting him through such embarrassment. He’s so damn embarrassed right now that he contemplates quitting the job and moving to another city where Jeon Jungkook doesn’t exist, to hell with college. He is never going to be able to face Jungkook again after this.   But then the coming Friday, he finds himself brewing the usual order of Double Chocolate Ice Blended for Jeon fucking Jungkook.  Jimin said he was being ridiculous and Jungkook probably isn’t going to remember him choking on his stupid drink so Taehyung didn’t have be so dramatic and move to another city.  Taehyung had pouted for the rest of the week and refused to accept Jimin’s offers of piggy back rides.  He writes a handsome in front of Jungkook’s name and draws tears all over it before he turns to pass him his order without meeting the younger boy’s eyes.  “Are you okay?” Came the voice and Taehyung immediately snaps his head up, mouth agape.  That is definitely the first time Jungkook had ever started a conversation with him. Other times he’d just be answering Taehyung’s questions or simply smiling back at him.  “I was talking about you know- last Saturday.”  Taehyung suddenly wishes he could mop the floor with his face right now. He awkwardly laughs, feeling himself flush in embarrassment, “Y-yeah! I-I’m alright, just a m-mishap,”  It would have been fine if Jungkook had just smiled and let it go but the boy smirks, “Mishap, huh?” And again it would have been fine if Jungkook didn’t have a teasing look in his eyes, as if he knew what actually happened.  Taehyung definitely wants to mop the whole café with his face. He feels his face grow hotter and he’s at loss for words.  “Thanks and see you,” Jungkook gestures to the drink in his hand, smirk still on his face as he turns to take his leave.  The barista stands rooted to the ground and wonders when Jungkook ever stopped smiling and starts smirking at him.  --  It goes on like that, short conversations back and forth every Friday without Taehyung taking a step further like asking Jungkook to hang out. He honestly didn’t want to push it because he knew it isn’t the right time. Jungkook’s a senior in high school now and he is bound to be tied down for finals.  Jimin doesn’t agree though because he thinks that Taehyung and Jungkook’s relationship had been too stagnant and he is damn sure- he’ll bet his and Taehyung’s friendship on it- that Jungkook also feels something for Taehyung.  “If I calculate the time you and Jungkook ever spoke to one another, I’m pretty sure it won’t even accumulate to a day. Hell, I don’t even think it exceeds an hour,” Jimin tells him one day.  Taehyung stops rearranging the chairs and frowns, “That really hurts my pride,”  Jimin snorts, “I keep telling you to ask him out. People might be kissing the ground he walks on, have you seen how hot and attractive he’s becoming these days? Damn,”  Taehyung rolls his eyes. Of course he knows, he of all people should know since he practically can’t take his eyes off the younger boy whenever he’s in a 10 meter radius vicinity. Especially those days when Jungkook decides the weather is too hot for him to put on the blazer and wears only the inner dress shirt. That boy has been hiding such a good body underneath all that clothes…  “Yeah and I keep telling you I’d wait until he graduates,” Taehyung huffs. “Why are you so persistent anyway?”  Jimin stops wiping the counters and stares at Taehyung, “Because I’m so tired of seeing the two of you flirt for like the past- oh my God- almost two third of a year now!” he throws his hands up in the air and the towel flies and lands on a machine behind him.  “It’s been a year already?” Taehyung mumbles to himself, surprised, as he watches Jimin pick the towel and continue wiping. “But aren’t you afraid I’ll spend more time with Jungkook and less with you?”  Jimin shoots him a look, “Will you?”  Taehyung gasps and puts a hand over his chest, “I would never!”  Jimin laughs, “But it’s bound to happen anyway when we find love for ourselves. And then you won’t be needing piggy back rides from me anymore since you have Jungkook and his muscles.”  Taehyung blushes and groans, taking a cloth out and furiously wiping a spot on the table. Just when he’s about to forget about it.  --  On one of the Fridays, Jungkook unexpectedly doesn’t come and it has Taehyung raising his eyebrows. Jungkook didn’t seem like someone who would break a habit and it has Taehyung biting his lip in nervousness. Did something happen? Did Jungkook get sick of the Double Chocolate? Did he finally realize that Taehyung is annoying? In the end, he brushes it off as Jungkook being busy with his final year.  When Jungkook doesn’t show up the following week, Taehyung can only purse his lips and keep quiet even when Jimin or Hoseok shoots him a questioning look. It’s not like he has enough of a reason to feel slightly upset that Jungkook’s not coming anymore right? It’s just a crush. Perhaps the boy was out of money and couldn’t afford the weekly sweet treats anymore, or maybe life got in the way.  Weeks turn into months, questioning gazes turn into pitiful ones and Taehyung goes from feeling worried to upset and regret. Regret because he feels as if he has so many things he wants to talk to Jungkook about and a cupboard around a plastic cup just wouldn’t quite do it.  The end of the year arrives soon enough yet there is still no sight of Jungkook. Taehyung pretty much gives up and carries on life as per usual. Seokjin deems it safe for Taehyung to start attending the front line now because he hasn’t seen Jungkook come in anymore. Taehyung accepts of course. He’s spent too much time dealing with machines and coffee powders, he needs to speak to living beings who won’t only make a buzzing sound.   And then it happens.   Like any other day in the late evening, the crowd in the café lessens and Taehyung has much more free time to try and beat his top score in Crossy Road. The bell chimes and Taehyung immediately looks up, ready to greet the customer and take an order but his voice gets caught somewhere.  Taehyung could never mistake him, but the younger male in front of him looks so much different compared to the last time he saw him. Gone is the brown hair, replaced by a shade of maroon and those chubby cheeks that Taehyung loved are also gone. What catches his interest most is the sharp jawline and the row of piercings that decorated both his ears.  It’s when the maroon haired male steps in front of Taehyung that the cashier realizes that he is now looking up into Jungkook’s eyes. The boy has grown taller. And those eyes. Jungkook is so damn attractive, what the hell.  “J-Jungkook-sshi?” is the first thing that leaves Taehyung’s lips, protocol of greeting customers long forgotten.  Jungkook smiles at him, eyes still bright like how Taehyung always remembered though there is a sort of intense and strong gaze that pierces deep into his soul.  “Taehyung-sshi, it’s been a while.”  Taehyung gawks, “You know my name?”  Then smile turns into a smirk and Taehyung suddenly feels like he can’t breathe, “You wear a nametag.”  Taehyung looks down and splutters when the name Kim Taehyung on a gold pin glares back at him, “I f-forgot,”  Jungkook chuckles, eyes crinkling, “Right,” and then he smirks again. “Missed me?”  Taehyung stares at Jungkook, face flushing a color enough to rival Jungkook’s new hair color. “W-what? W-why would-“  “Oh my God! Where have you been? TaeTae has been missing you like crazy!” Jimin appears out of nowhere, hanging off Taehyung’s back, making the edge of the counter dig into Taehyung’s hip.  Taehyung feels extremely betrayed as his mouth parts in shock and he feels his face burn with embarrassment. “Park Jimin!” He hisses.  There is a chime of a bell and the cashier and barista immediately puts on their professional façade, returning to their work stations.  The cashier looks at Jungkook only to feel his heart beat so much faster when Jungkook smugly smirks at him, eyes twinkling, “You missed me,”  Taehyung glances at the customer behind Jungkook and pointedly ignores Jungkook, trying not to appear as flustered as he feels, “W-what can I get for you today?”  Jungkook hums, “Regular Pure Vanilla Ice blended please,”  Taehyung looks up and tries to hide the surprise on his face. He drinks coffee now? “Whipped cream, yes?”  “Of course.”  Taehyung feels himself tremble under Jungkook’s stare as he keys in the order. Even as he proceeds to take the next customers’ order, he can’t help but feel intimidated yet extremely surprised at how much Jungkook has changed over the past few months. The boy has gained so much confidence and even had the nerve to slightly tease him.   
What the hell.
  --  Taehyung is still on cashier duties the following week and when Jungkook walks through the door, he braces himself. He is not going to be shaken by Jungkook.   "Good afternoon, what can I get for you?" Taehyung chirps, eyes bright and determined.  "You,"  Jimin promptly laughs behind him and Taehyung finds himself gaping at Jungkook, his face heating up as he tries to find his voice. Where did this boy find all that confidence?  "I'm s-sorry but apparently y-you is not on the menu..." He tries his best to remain compose but when Jungkook smirks at him, he immediately looks away and clears his throat. Dammit, he’s not supposed to be flustered. He has half the mind to reach over the counter and wipe the smirk off the handsome face.  “Will it ever be on the menu?”  Taehyung glares at Jungkook, “You is not for sale,”  "Of course. You can only belong to one person," Taehyung feels his knees buckle when Jungkook stares into his eyes, soft smile playing his lips, "Mocha Chip Frappe then- regular- with whipped cream of course,"  "Right, okay," Taehyung keys in the order and reaches for the cup, writing Jungkook's name with trembling hands before he places it aside for Jimin to deal with.  When he receives the payment from Jungkook, he feels the brush of the younger boy's fingers against his and he finds his face heating up. Taehyung kind of wants to jump back and run away because why oh why does he like the feel of Jungkook's skin so much?  “You should mix my drinks next time,” Jungkook suddenly says.  “Why?”  The younger boy shrugs, “Because you always write these cute things for me,”  And Taehyung wants to melt into a puddle of goo at that moment. He smiles a little and nods, “Of course, and congrats’ on your graduation by the way.”  Jungkook looks surprised but shyly smiles back at him and Taehyung laughs. The boy is still so cute underneath all that sexy exterior and confident look.   And he has no complains about that.  -- 
After the last encounter with Jungkook, Taehyung moves to the counter behind the cashier, opting to mix the beverages instead. He’d like to think of it as no one else should mix Jungkook’s orders except him, and also because he still wants to scribble messages and draw cute shit for the younger boy.  It’s a busy Tuesday afternoon and he’s going through a set of orders in the queue, reaching out for the next cup, when the name catches his eye. He feels his heart slam in his ribcage and he gasps.     
Date me, Kim Taehyung-sshi
   Taehyung turns around, immediately spotting Jungkook staring elsewhere, face partially hidden by the snapback on his head. He feels his heart swell at the sight of a shy and nervous Jungkook and he turns back to the machines, carefully mixing Jungkook’s order of Double Chocolate with a grin on his face.  It had been unexpected really, because Jungkook still only ever comes on Fridays. But it seems like Jungkook loves to catch him off guard these past few months.  Taking out his marker, he scribbles underneath it before he turns around and serves the beverage to Jungkook who is looking at him expectantly with a blush decorating his cheeks.    
yes! of course!!! definitely!!!!!
   And just like that, Kim Taehyung’s love story begins.    --   It's a busy day. Summer is kicking in and the temperature outside is increasing, so people come strolling in to their cafe to get themselves a beverage to cool down.



Taehyung's been mixing drinks non-stop, just like how Jimin's been attending to customers behind him. It's getting tiring honestly and he really can't wait for lunch when he can finally relax and maybe switch duties with his best friend later. Glancing at his watch, he takes note that he needs to endure for another half an hour and he sighs, washing the blender before putting it back in its place.



The barista checks the next order on the screen in front of him and reaches for the next cup. Taehyung finds himself smiling a little too wide when he sees the name scribbled on the cup. The stress depletes and he feels his tense shoulder relax as he chuckles. He takes extra care and pours in more love than usual as he blends the beverage this time round. Once done, he pours it into the cup and sprays a little more whipped cream before he puts the lid on.



And like always, for the past two years now, he takes out his marker and scribbles underneath the name.



With a satisfied grin, he turns around to pass the customer his order.



Jungkook grins back at him when he takes hold of the cup and Taehyung is being brought back to the first time he ever saw Jungkook smile.
      
Kim Taehyung’s
kook-ah, i love you
♡
  Jungkook bolts out of the subway car so quickly he’s pretty sure he leaves a whoosh of air in his wake.
A trail of rushed “excuse me”s and “sorry”s follow him as he ducks through the crowd of passengers. He takes the stairs out of the station three at a time, glancing every now and then at the bulky watch on his wrist. It’s not that he’s late, exactly, just that Mijoo’s mom is the type of person to take offense at even the slightest delay. It doesn’t help that they already hate him: Mijoo’s mom and the rest of the parent crew. Showing up late will give them yet another excuse to side-eye him and “forget” to invite Seoyeon to their playdates.

It’s miracle enough that they invited her to this one. A little boy in Seoyeon’s class had asked her if she was going, right in front of Mijoo, her mother, and Jungkook, so of course Mijoo’s mother had to extend the offer. He knows the parents meet up when their kids play, too, to discuss school and jobs and eat finger foods. She hadn’t extended him that invitation. He wouldn’t have accepted even if she did.

Jungkook jogs through a street of pretty townhomes with tiny, well-kept yards and shiny SUVs parked in front. Mijoo’s home has a neat doormat and a wreath hanging around the peephole. Their yard is nice, a pink bicycle in the lawn that must be Mijoo’s. He’s always envied families with yards; Seoyeon would have loved one. He hops up the brick stairs and knocks twice.

Mijoo’s mom opens immediately. “Jungkook-ssi, we were wondering when you’d arrive.”

She’s full of shit. He’s barely five minutes late. “Ah, sorry, there was a holdup at the subway. Is Seoyeon ready?”

She glances down. He follows her gaze and flushes. The sleeves pushed up to his elbows reveal forearms covered in tattoos. He yanks his sleeves past his wrists, and she looks back up. “Seoyeon, sweetie, your dad’s here.”

As soon as Seoyeon steps into the doorway, Jungkook’s shoulders relax. She has a plastic bag of candy held tightly in one hand: goodies from the playdate. Her purple bow sits slightly askew.

“Hey, baby,” Jungkook coos, holding out his arms. She walks into them, tiny hand tugging at his shirt until he picks her up. “Did you have fun?”

“Uh-huh,” she says, voice muffled in his shoulder. Jungkook knows right away that she’s lying.

“Say thank you to Mijoo’s mom, Seoyeon.”

She removes her head from his shoulder dutifully to say, “Thank you, Mijoo’s mom. I had a lot of fun and the candy is really yummy.”

“You’re welcome, honey, thanks for coming.”

With a tight nod at Jungkook, Mijoo’s mom closes the door between them.

Jungkook carries Seoyeon down the stairs then sets her on her feet. “What’s wrong?”

She scuffs her sneakers against the ground, holding the bag of candy even closer to her chest. They picked her outfit together that morning, resulting in an interesting combination—blue and green striped tights with a purple frock. Jungkook straightens her bow, smoothing a hand down her long, dark hair. He’s been trying to get her to the hairdresser, but she refuses to have hair any shorter than it is, even though she complains about brushing it every night. “They don’t like me,” Seoyeon finally says.

“Who doesn’t like you? The other kids?”

“Yeah.”

“Why do you think that? Did they say something?”

She shrugs. Her nose scrunches up.

A tight ball of panic unfurls itself in Jungkook’s chest. He knows what it’s like to be lonely because no one in class wants to talk to the shy kid. It doesn’t help that the other parents probably talk shit about him in front of their kids, doesn’t help that they give him looks when he comes to pick her up after school. Doesn’t help that everyone thinks he shouldn’t be raising a little girl all on his own, that he can’t, not with his age and his tattoos and his gauges and the way he looks like he wants to fight even though he never does, never has. He knows that being his daughter makes her much less appealing to the rest of her classmates.

“Sorry, baby,” he murmurs, because he doesn’t know what else to say. He catches her small face in his hands and kisses her nose. “Sometimes people are just really mean, yeah? You just gotta forget about them.”

She nods, but her lower lip continues to wobble. Jungkook’s mother used to tell him that when he cried she felt like her whole world was ending. He didn’t understand that until Seoyeon.

“We don’t ever have to come another one of Mijoo’s playdates again, okay? We don’t have to come if you don’t want to.”

“Okay.”

“Wasn’t there some manhwa you were telling me about the other day?” Jungkook says, grasping at straws. “From the bookstore near your school? How about we go there and get some sweets and the manhwa you like? We’ll forget all about those kids.”

She doesn’t react for a second. Then she sniffs, nods, and holds her arms out to be picked up. “Okay.”

~

Jungkook wishes he could tell his kid what to do when the people she so desperately wants to befriend snub her. Wishes he could tell her to raise her fists and tell them to fuck off when they tease her, wishes he could tell her to be herself and give them a piece of her mind when they try to make her otherwise. But he couldn’t even do that when he was a kid. He still can’t, not really, that’s why he lets the other parents walk all over him like they do. He doesn’t know what to tell Seoyeon when he’s never known what to tell himself.

Cheering her up with a present and sweets feels cheap, but he just wants her to smile. And there’s not really anything else he can do. So when they get to the quaint bookstore with a little café inside, just down the street from her school, he lets her have free reign.

She runs around the children’s section with him trailing after her, pointing out toys and books and puzzles, talking at a mile a minute. He’s trying to listen but he’s too busy smiling because she’s smiling. It’s easy to get kids to forget.

He’s careful to keep his sleeves pulled around his thumbs. Getting them kicked out of the bookstore because of his tattoos is the last thing he wants.

“Appa, can I be a boxer?” She holds up a manhwa with a muscled guy in boxing gloves on the cover. They’ve strayed from the children’s section.

He takes the book, examines it, and puts it back. “Sure, you can be a boxer. As long as you promise not to kick my ass when you don’t wanna go to bed.”

She giggles.

A little further down the aisle, somebody else giggles, too.

Jungkook and Seoyeon look over at the same time. The guy standing there in sinfully tight black jeans and a tucked-in polo hides his face in a light novel. Jungkook raises an eyebrow and turns back to Seoyeon, who shrugs at him, lips downturned cutely. He shrugs back.

Seoyeon wanders from the aisle eventually. He follows, realizing that in his mad dash to get her, he forgot to pee. Using the bathroom when he’s out with Seoyeon has always been a struggle. When she was a baby, he used to call places ahead of time to make sure they had family restrooms, as most men’s rooms don’t have changing tables. Now she’s too old to take into the men’s bathroom with him but too young for him to feel comfortable leaving her outside alone. Usually, he’ll suck it up and take her in with him, shooting a stink eye at anyone who glances at them, but the bookstore feels fairly safe.

“I gotta use the bathroom, baby,” he tells her. She follows him dutifully to the restrooms. “I’ll be super-fast, so just stay right here, okay? Don’t move an inch. And—”

“Don’t talk to anyone. I know.”

He leaves her by the water fountains just outside the restroom door. He pees in record speed, but when he comes out, Seoyeon isn’t there.

It’s hard to clamp down on the resulting panic. “Seoyeon?” he calls, beginning to search. “Seoyeon!”

His palms have started to sweat when he finds her. She’s with the guy from the aisle. He sits on the ground cross-legged before her, looking at her with the biggest, sweetest smile Jungkook has ever seen. It curves his eyes into crescents and dimples his cheeks. Seoyeon has a children’s manhwa in her hand as she explains something clearly very important to him.

He reasons away the protective instinct that flares at the sight of Seoyeon with a stranger. She looks fine, and the guy looks harmless, so he approaches with less urgency than he intended. “Seoyeonie,” he says sternly. “I told you not to move.”

At the sound of his voice, she squeaks, hiding the book behind her back and shying away. The guy looks between them, and if possible, his smile grows even wider. It’s kind of distracting.

 “Sorry, Appa,” Seoyeon says.

“Come here.” He beckons. She stands in front of him, refusing to meet his eyes. “What do you do when I ask you to stay in one place?”

“Stay there.”

“So why didn’t you stay?”

“Because.” She points at the guy, who’s still sitting on the floor. “He was about to get the 

wrong

 book. I had to tell him this one was better.” She waves the manhwa at Jungkook.

“Seoyeon.”

“Sorry, Appa. I won’t do it again. Promise.”

“All right.” He turns to the guy. “Sorry. I hope she wasn’t bothering you.”

“Oh, no, not at all!” he exclaims, waving his hands to deflect Jungkook’s words. A nametag is pinned to his shirt; he must work here. He pushes himself to his feet, thighs straining in his tight jeans. His brown hair falls apart over his forehead, and his lips are full and pink and stretched in that pretty, pretty smile.

He’s kind of gorgeous. Jungkook is kind of enamored.

“She’s cute,” he says.

“Um, thanks,” Jungkook answers, rubbing the back of his head, more flustered than he would like to admit.

“Jimin!” someone calls from another aisle. “Hey, Jimin, where’d you go?”

“I gotta go,” the guy—Jimin—says. He bends down to shake Seoyeon’s hand. “It was nice meeting you, Seoyeon. Thanks for the suggestion.”

He straightens, waves at Jungkook, and walks off through the stacks of books. Jungkook lets out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding and looks down at Seoyeon.

“I saved him from a really bad book,” she says.

“Good job, Seoyeonie. You’re saving the world one book at a time.”

She looks pleased. It isn’t until they leave the store that Jungkook realizes he forgot to roll his sleeves down after washing his hands. Jimin, the pretty bookstore boy, hadn’t looked down at his tattoos once.

~

“Late,” Minho intones without glancing up from where he bends over the front desk, sketching a design.

“Sorry, I’m sorry,” Jungkook gasps for breath, leaning on his knees for support. He had run all the way there. “Seoyeon’s teacher wanted to talk to me. Is my appointment—”

“You were late.” Minho shrugs. He’s entirely too blasé considering he just told Jungkook they lost a customer paying for a million won tattoo.

“But—but it’s only been like ten minutes—”

“Quit scaring the kid, Song,” Natasha says, emerging from the back. She smacks Minho’s head with a notebook. “Your appointment hasn’t even gotten here yet.”

Jungkook falls onto the couch meant for waiting customers with a tremendous groan. “Fuck you, hyung.”

Minho finally looks up from his design to grin, eyes twinkling. “Gotcha.”

“When are you gonna bring Seoyeonie over again?” Natasha asks as she sifts through a binder of tattoo designs. “I miss her.”

“I second that,” Yongguk says, popping out from the back to join his sister. “She cheers me up.”

“Whenever she’s here the customers are more likely to book with us,” Minho adds, a teasing tone to his voice.

“You can’t use my daughter for advertisement.” He knows Minho is only joking, but he can’t help how offended he sounds.

“Leave him alone,” Natasha says, exasperated. “He’s a tired dad. He doesn’t have time for your shit.”

“Noona,” Minho whines. “Why are you so 

mean

—”

She hits him on the shoulder. “Go in the back and do something useful with yourself.”

He slinks away.

“And Jungkook, get your ass over here. I don’t pay you to lie on the damn couch.”

He pushes himself up to join her.

Jungkook owes Natasha and Yongguk everything. Sometimes he’s not sure if he can ever pay them back. If Natasha hadn’t found his designs on his Instagram one day by pure luck and offered to train him, he doesn’t know where he would be. Fresh out of high school with a newborn baby, no prospects or hope for the future his parents had always planned for him—for a while Jungkook had wondered if he would ruin Seoyeon’s life.

But he’s fine, and she’s fine. He never got to go to university like his parents wanted, and his apartment is tiny with a leaking roof and no yard. He can’t buy Seoyeon the prettiest dresses or all the books she wants, but they’re doing okay. They’re doing okay.

(Even if people look at him weird because he has too many tattoos and his parents still tell him he’s a terrible father for working at a place that’s technically illegal, that’s technically precarious, even if the cops don’t really care anymore.)

Jungkook joins them at the counter and opens his sketchbook to review the design for his first appointment despite having looked at it a million times. He’s about to head to the back and prepare his space when the door chime jingles, and they all look up.

It’s the pretty bookstore guy—Jimin.

Jimin looks right at him, and Jungkook looks right back.

“Oh,” Jimin says. “Hello.”

“Hey, how can we help—” Yongguk is cut off abruptly by Natasha’s elbow in his side. He gapes at her.

“Jungkook’s got this,” Natasha says, eerily perceptive as always. “Come help me clean the store.”

Before Jungkook can question them, they’ve left him alone at the counter. Jimin still stands in the doorway. Today he’s wearing these jeans that have rips all the way to the thighs and a black pullover that flatters his narrow shoulders. Jungkook, once again, finds himself rather tongue-tied.

“Um—did you—sorry, what can I do for you?” Jungkook flushes, fighting the urge to duck his head. He has a kid. He should have matured enough by now to not turn into a bumbling mess talking to a cute boy, but here he is, the same as always. It doesn’t help that he hasn’t been with anyone since Seoyeon’s birth.

“I wanted to get an estimate for a tattoo. I, um, have a design.” He carefully unfolds a piece of drawing paper from his pocket and lays it on the counter between them.

Jungkook has to do a double take. Blinks to clear his eyes. Not that the tattoo is surprising, he inks stuff like this all the time, just that it’s, well. It’s pretty bookstore boy. Pretty bookstore boy with a design for a tattoo that says “babydoll” in swirling script, curling up the ribs of the torso he’s drawn to match it.

He glances at Jimin, who looks back expectantly. A slight blush colors Jimin’s cheeks, even though he meets his gaze confidently.

“This’ll probably be two hundred thousand won. Close to two hours of work. Do you have an artist preference?

Jimin nods. “Are you Jungkook-ssi?”

“Yeah, that’s me.”

“I’ve seen your work on the shop’s Instagram. I really like it.”

“Thanks.” Jungkook’s blushing, too. He can’t believe he’s blushing. He’s literally a dad. Doesn’t something about being a parent move you past the awkward blushing teenager phase? “I can book you an appointment.”

“That would be cool.”

His fingers fumble over the mouse at the clunky desktop they still use, searching through his schedule for an open spot. Babydoll. He’s gonna fucking tattoo babydoll on a guy who makes him blush like he’s fifteen. “I’ve got an opening a month from now. Friday the 18
th
 from noon to two.”

“That works.”                                                                                          

“Is this your first tattoo with us?”

“Yeah.”

Jungkook pulls out the waiver and slides it across the counter.

“It’s my first tattoo ever.” Jimin’s voice sounds kind of small when he says it. He looks down at the form instead of at Jungkook. “Does it hurt a lot?”

Jungkook’s not going to lie to him. “It’ll hurt more because you’re doing your ribs.”

“You’ve got a lot.” Jimin gestures to his arms. “Did they hurt?”

It’s nice being at work and not having to cover up the tattoo sleeves on both his arms. Most people his age don’t look twice at his tats; it’s the older generation that does. They stare even more when he has Seoyeon with him. “It’s not so bad. At least you’re not getting it on your foot. That hurts like a bitch.”

Jimin smiles, slightly less worried. Jungkook wonders if he’ll ever be able to look at that smile without his heart speeding up.

“You’ll get a call a few days before your appointment with more details. If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to ask.”

After Jimin fills out the waiver and takes a business card, he thanks Jungkook and heads for the door. “Tell Seoyeon I said hi.” He slips out with a grin.

~

A few days later, he picks Seoyeon up from school crying.

It’s hard to describe exactly the way his blood boils when he walks her down the street and she bursts into tears, telling him she doesn’t ever want to go back.

“You can’t make me,” she sobs. “I hate school.”

It takes him fifteen minutes crouched in front of her on the sidewalk, crooning words of comfort, for her to calm down enough to tell him what happened.

“Jiyeon was playing with a puzzle so I went to play with her but she said I couldn’t because I was weird. And Mijoo started laughing and so did Sungmin and there weren’t any other toys for me to play with so I had to sit in the corner by myself.”

Jungkook wishes he could snap those little brats into line, call their parents up with every detail of the ugly words they’ve said to his daughter. But he knows that won’t help. They’ll only resent her more. Seoyeon is brilliant and unique and she comes up with the best ideas and asks the cleverest questions and he just wishes they could see that, too. Wishes they knew her like he did.

“If they don’t want to play with you, then don’t bother with them. Play with the other kids. They’re just missing out on how fun you are.” He swats at her stomach, drawing a giggle as she ducks away.

It’s not enough. He should tell her something else, make a lesson out of this like a good parent would. But he doesn’t know what to say.

“Can we get cupcakes from the bookstore, Appa?”

“Sure, baby. We can do whatever you want.”

They enter through the café side of the bookstore. At this point, Jungkook shouldn’t even be surprised, given the amount of serendipity already present in their past meetings. Still, he starts when he sees Jimin standing behind the café counter with an apron and a nametag.

He waves. “Seoyeonie! It’s good to see you again.”

Seoyeon hides her face in Jungkook’s leg as if she hadn’t lectured Jimin on the best children’s manhwa the last time they met.

“Seoyeonie, say hello.” Jungkook curls his fingers in her hair. She unearths herself briefly to say a quick 

hello

, then shoves her face right back into his leg. He chuckles. It’s a struggle shuffling over to the counter with her attached to him. At least the café is entirely empty save for them, so he doesn’t have to worry about holding anyone up.

“Hi, Jungkook-ssi.”

“You can just call me Jungkook.”

“Then you can call me hyung. I’m older than you, right?”

Jungkook flushes. “Yeah.” He remembers the surprise with which he looked over Jimin’s waiver. He’s too small to be two years older.

“Seoyeonie,” Jimin coos, leaning over the counter to look at her. “Did you forget me already?”

She peeks an eye out. Shakes her head.

“She’s shy,” Jungkook offers.

“I see how it is,” Jimin says with an exaggerated pout. “I was going to tell her all about the manhwa she recommended, but I guess she doesn’t even remember me.”

“I remember you,” Seoyeon says quickly. “You’re Jimin oppa. Did you read it?”

“Yup. My friend read it out loud to a bunch of kids who came to the bookstore.”

“Out loud?” Seoyeon blinks curiously.

“In the back of the bookstore, you know where the stage is?”

“Uh-huh.”

“My friend, Taehyung, reads books to kids who come to see him. He acts them out sometimes, too.”

“Appa, can we go?” She tugs on Jungkook’s arm. “I wanna see.”

Jungkook looks to Jimin. “It’s on Sundays,” Jimin supplies. “One in the afternoon.”

Sundays are Jungkook’s rest days. He works during the week, and on Saturdays he likes to take Seoyeon out to do something fun, or they’ll stay in and watch cartoons together. But Sundays he lets her occupy herself while he takes care of things around the apartment and rests as much as he can manage.

“Please?” Seoyeon asks. Her eyes are imploring. Jungkook thinks about how he picked her up crying and how maybe the kids at this book club are nicer than the ones in her class.

“Sounds like fun. We’ll be there.”

Jimin smiles. “So, what can I get you?”

“Large iced with a shot of espresso for me. Seoyeonie, go pick out a treat.”

She bounces over to the display case and peers at the various confections with her nose pressed against the glass. Jimin moves over, resting his arms atop the case and his chin atop his arms.

“I can’t decide,” she tells him very seriously.

“What are you stuck on?” Jimin asks.

“This one and this one.” She points between a strawberry cupcake and a chocolate cake pop.

“Good choices. I don’t think I’d be able to decide, either.”

“Close your eyes and pick,” Jungkook suggests. She does and ends up with the cake pop. But after Jungkook pays and Jimin hands it to her, he takes the strawberry cupcake out, too.

“On the house,” he says.

“You don’t have to do that.” Jungkook rubs the back of his head.

“I want to.”

Seoyeon glances at Jungkook and waits for his nod before taking the cupcake, too. “Thank you, Jimin oppa,” she says sweetly and takes a big bite that leaves frosting on her nose.

“Thank you,” Jungkook says. “I really appreciate it.”

“No problem.” Jimin’s answering smile is the perfect balance of shy and aware. “You’ll come to the book club on Sunday, then?”

“We wouldn’t miss it.”

~

Jungkook is nervous.

He can’t remember the last time he was nervous to meet someone. He stands in front of the mirror for longer than he should, messing with his hair and fiddling with the collar of his shirt. It’s not even like he’s dressed up. He’s just wearing a button down, skinny jeans, and red boots. Natasha dyed his hair the other day because she was bored; now it’s a very light brown with hints of blond. Seoyeon likes it, but he’s not quite sure how he feels yet. He ends up covering it with a beanie.

Seoyeon waits impatiently by the door. She let him pick her whole outfit that day, a rare occurrence. Whenever she does, he always puts her in a dress. Today, it’s a pale blue with white stockings and tiny, lace-up shoes. He even picked out a matching headband. He’s particularly proud of today’s outfit. Lately, Jungkook has been perusing children’s fashion Instagrams when he’s bored. It’s a far cry from the early days when he struggled to clip a bow in her hair.

She chatters all the way to the bookstore, and her excitement has him bubbling with it, too. A group of kids has already assembled by the small stage in the children’s section, and a guy close to his age sits on a stool, playing with a lion hand puppet. When they walk up, he stands and waves the hand covered by the puppet.

“Hi, you’re new.”

Jungkook has to nudge Seoyeon for her to step forward and introduce herself. “I’m Seoyeon.”

“Nice to meet you, Seoyeon. I’m Taehyung. Everybody, say hi to Seoyeon.”

The kids intone their hello’s. Seoyeon beckons to Jungkook. He bends down until she can whisper in his ear, “You can go now, Appa.”

To say he isn’t offended would be a lie. He wonders if she’s prematurely preparing him for her teenage years and walks away with a huff.

The book club is only an hour long, so there’s no point in going home. He makes his way to the café side to kill time. Jungkook glances behind him every now and then to catch a glimpse of Seoyeon sitting with the other kids. She’s fine, he knows that, but he worries.

Jimin finishes up with a customer right when Jungkook walks in. His smile brightens so considerably when he sees Jungkook that confidence flares in his chest.

“Hey,” he says, hands in his pockets.

“You came,” Jimin answers. “Is Seoyeon with the others?”

“She shooed me away. I’m embarrassing her already.”

Jimin laughs. It’s the prettiest sound, sweet and tinkling. Jungkook could listen to it forever. “Wait ‘til she’s a teenager.”

“That’s what I’m worried about.”

“I’m just about to take my break if you want to have coffee together.” Jimin offers so easily that it flusters Jungkook.

“Oh—uh—yeah. Um, that sounds cool.”

Sitting across Jimin at a tiny café table feels awfully more intimate than Jungkook expected. He fiddles with his coffee to occupy himself, trying very hard not to stare. It proves a more difficult task than he’s up for. Jimin leans his chin in his hand as he speaks to him, eyes sparkling, sucking up some sugary, whipped-cream laden drink through a straw. Even though Jungkook glues his eyes resolutely to Jimin’s or to his hands—his tiny, cute hands—if he’s desperate, they can’t help but stray to the plump lips wrapped around the straw.

“Did you always want to be a tattoo artist?” Jimin asks when the conversation lulls.

“Sort of. I was always really into tattoos, drew a lot of designs. That’s how noona found me—um, my boss. My parents wanted me to go to university and shit, but then Seoyeon happened.”

“Would you have rather gone to university?”

“No. I like being an artist. I don’t think I would have liked more school.”

The way Jimin listens to him, like he really cares, makes his chest ache. It’s been a while since anyone listened to him like that.

“What about you? Did you go to uni?”

“I was a dance major. I teach kids dance at a studio across the city.”

“Wow. Dance.” That explains the killer legs, for one.

“If you don’t mind me asking,” Jimin swirls his drink around. Jungkook knows what’s coming. It’s the inevitable question. “Where’s Seoyeon’s mother?”

The inevitable question, the million dollar one. Everyone always wants to know how he’s raising a little girl without her mother. “She’s not around.”

Jimin nods. He doesn’t push it.

Jungkook used to resent her for leaving. He used to hate her sometimes when the reality of parenthood overwhelmed him. But her parents weren’t like his; her parents were harsh words and cold judgement. Her parents were threats and unashamed cruelty. She had wanted to be there, in the beginning, until her parents’ vitriol got to her. Now that he’s older, he doesn’t resent her anymore. He understands. Hating her only made him bitter. And in the end, it doesn’t matter—Seoyeon is everything to him.

Jungkook leans back in his chair, enough to catch a peek into the bookstore. Seoyeon is still there with the others, listening to Taehyung with rapt attention. She’s fine.

“She’ll be fine.” Jimin smiles. “Taehyung’s really good at keeping them entertained.”

“Yeah.”

“You seem like a really great dad,” Jimin says, like he can see the self-doubt etched into every line of Jungkook’s face.

“Thanks.” His voice breaks a little. He clears his throat and looks away.

 “Come around more often, yeah? The book club is really nice. Seoyeon will like it.”

“She needs something fun to do outside of school.”

“Don’t all kids?” he says wryly.

“Hear, hear.”

“So, I was talking to my friend the other day, and she said her rib tattoo hurt so badly she cried.” He looks at Jungkook accusatorily.

Jungkook smirks. “I never said it wouldn’t hurt.”

“I have a really low pain tolerance, you know.”

“Then maybe you shouldn’t be getting a tattoo.”

“Says my tattoo artist.”

“I do know best.”

Jimin laughs.

“So why babydoll, huh?”

The blush that spreads across Jimin’s cheeks and nose is so pretty, Jungkook’s enraptured. “I dunno.”

“That’s a pretty bad answer for a permanent body mod.”

“Fine. I thought it was hot.”

“Yeah, it is,” Jungkook answers so naturally he surprises himself, then bites his lip and stares at his coffee.

The answering silence is loaded and maybe a little awkward. Fortunately, it doesn’t last long. Jungkook hears the commotion of the kids speaking and leans over to look. They’re done. Seoyeon looks happy. The relief that floods him is palpable.

“I’ll see you next week?” Jimin says when Jungkook stands.

“Yeah,” Jungkook murmurs, the image of Seoyeon’s bright smile stamped in his mind. “Next week.”

~

Tattooing Jimin is an experience.

Jungkook has had attractive customers before. He’s given a gorgeous girl a tattoo on her breast and a guy so hot he made Jungkook’s mouth water as he tattooed his ass. He knows how to focus himself when he’s working. But Jimin’s different.

He knows Jimin.

By the time Jimin comes in for his tattoo, they’re practically friends. Seoyeon loves him; every day they walk past the bookstore to get home, and she asks if they can go say hello. He has to explain to her that bothering Jimin every day at work is probably unwarranted. Every time he takes Seoyeon to the book club, he has coffee with Jimin. He knows that Jimin only ever has sweet drinks unless he’s stressed, and that one time when Jimin was in college he thought a famous rapper was a store employee and asked him where the underwear section was. Jimin knows that Jungkook is a not-so-secret genius at Overwatch and that Seoyeon sings in her sleep.

So tattooing Jimin tests his focus rather more than usual.

Jungkook knows he’s in for it as soon as Jimin strips his shirt to reveal his toned chest and narrow waist. He always looks good, but he looks extra pretty that day, his eyes shining and his lips pink. Or maybe it’s just that Jungkook is extra nervous. The others are certainly no help, either, winking at him when Jimin isn’t looking and making suggestive comments.

For a while, Jimin takes it fairly well for his first tattoo. He scrunches up his nose and purses his lips but says little and doesn’t cry. Jungkook tries to talk him through it, tells him stories about Seoyeon to make him smile. After he asks for a break, Jungkook disappears to pee and stretch his hands.

“Popped a boner yet?” Minho asks cheerfully when he emerges.

“Shut the fuck up,” Jungkook hisses, glancing at the curtained area where Jimin waits.

“Only a matter of time,” he singsongs, clapping Jungkook’s shoulder with false sympathy.

Jimin’s munching on a granola bar when Jungkook slips past the curtain.

“How’s it going?” Jungkook asks.

Jimin pouts. It’s adorable. Jungkook’s weak. “I have really low pain tolerance.”

“You’re doing pretty well.”

They resume when Jimin’s ready. Jungkook has finished the “baby” and works on the “doll” now. In the middle of the word, he wonders what it would be like to whisper babydoll in Jimin’s ear. He imagines, briefly, running his lips along the outline of the tattoo. He blushes so hard he’s sure it goes all the way to his ears.

Jimin’s endurance wavers for the next hour. His eyebrows furrow, and he bites his lip until it looks like it hurts. A flush spreads across his cheeks and nose, over his neck, down his chest. His lips are bitten red and swollen. Eventually, pinprick tears cling to his lashes. He keeps his eyes squeezed shut, and they don’t fall.

Retaining his focus while he finishes tattooing feels like the hardest thing in the world.

And when it’s over, and he’s cleaned Jimin up and given him care instructions and sent him on his way, Jungkook realizes maybe he’s got it worse than he thought.

 ~

Seoyeon loves the book club. She talks about Taehyung every day, repeats the same tales about the other kids in the club to Jungkook while she brushes her teeth each night. One of the boys invites her to his birthday party, and when Jungkook picks her up at the end of it, she smiles all the way home. For the first time in a while, Jungkook feels like maybe things are going all right.

So when he gets a call from her school in the middle of the day, he doesn’t see it coming.

“She did 

what

?” He paces the back of the tattoo shop, fingers clenched tight around his phone.

“She pushed Jiyeon onto the blacktop in the middle of recess. Jiyeon is fine, just shaken up. But Seoyeon ran away.”

“You lost my 

kid

?”

“Jungkook-ssi, we’ve been searching nonstop. She can’t have gone far.”

“How the fuck did you lose a child? Don’t you have teachers out during recess? Did everyone have their goddamn eyes shut?”

“She ran out the gate when no one was looking. Jiyeon said she went down the street. We have half our staff out looking.”

Half their staff isn’t enough. Their whole staff isn’t enough. Seoyeon is somewhere out there in the middle of Seoul, alone and terrified, and it’s his fault for not realizing sooner that her problems at school were growing too big to handle.

He yells out a brief explanation as he runs from the store. Seoyeon is good with directions for a five-year-old, but there are only a few places she knows well enough to go on her own. He checks their apartment first, scours the lobby and the halls outside, asks everyone he passes if they’ve seen her. She’s not there. He checks the park three blocks down next. He runs all the way there, the stitch in his side irrelevant in the face of his panic. She isn’t there, either.

He stands in the park wondering where to go next when his phone rings. It’s Jimin. He lets it ring, but Jimin keeps calling.

“Hyung, it’s a bad time—” he says when he answers the third call.

“Seoyeon’s with me.”

“What?” He falls onto a nearby bench. His breath comes in choked bursts, the effect of running miles from place to place catching up to him. Suddenly he wants to cry. “She’s there?”

“We’re at the bookstore. She’s fine.”

“Can I talk to her?”

“She doesn’t want to talk right now, Jungkookie,” he says it gently, like he knows how those words will make him feel. “But she’s fine, yeah? She’s just upset.”

“I’ll be there in ten.”

He stands up, winces, and breaks back into a jog.

When Seoyeon was born, it felt a little like the end of the world. He was 18. He didn’t know how to take care of himself, let alone a baby girl. The first time he tried to put a bow in her hair, when she was a little older, he started crying because he couldn’t figure out how to do it. Because raising a child seemed out of his hands, because the last thing he wanted to do was ruin her life as a result of his own incompetence. It wasn’t the bow; it was everything.

She’s five years old, now, and he can tie a bow with his eyes closed, but everything still feels out of his hands. It’s not the end of the world anymore. She’s his world, now, and he doesn’t want to imagine one without her. But the fear lingers in the back of his mind at every turn: what if he’s doing it all wrong? What if he’s all wrong for her? No one else seems to think he’s capable of raising her well on his own, after all. Maybe they’re right.

He finds them sitting on a bench attached to the window in the café. Seoyeon munches on a chocolate cupcake, eyes trained on Jimin as he speaks to her. He’s still in his work apron and hat; his coworker mans the counter. Jungkook pauses in the entrance, out of breath, maybe from running, maybe from relief. She looks fine. Her eyes are red and swollen like she cried, but she looks fine.

Jimin wipes a blob of chocolate from her cheek with his thumb. She nods at something he says, rubbing her nose. Jungkook moves deeper into the café.

“Seoyeonie?”

She looks up. Her eyes widen. Jungkook wonders if she’ll turn away from him. She puts her cupcake down, hops off the bench, and runs straight for him.

He drops to his knees so he’s at her level and scoops her into his arms. She’s tiny and fragile and his hands shake as he strokes her hair, holding her close like he never wants to let go.

“I’m sorry, Appa.” Her voice is muffled by his shoulder. The wetness of her tears seeps into his shirt. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to.”

“It’s okay, baby, it’s okay. I’m here.” His voice cracks. He sucks his lip between his teeth, squeezes his eyes shut, swallows past the lump in his throat. He can’t cry. He’ll scare her.

“I didn’t mean to. I really didn’t mean to.”

He pulls her away so he can cup her face in his hands, wiping the tears away with his thumbs. He kisses both her cheeks. “It’s okay. We’ll talk about it. It’s okay.”

When she stops crying, Jimin comes to stand next to them. Jungkook had almost forgotten he was there. He puts his hand on Seoyeon’s shoulder.

“Seoyeonie, baby, why don’t you go finish up your cupcake? I have to talk to your appa about something.”

“Okay.” She perches back on the bench, returning to her treat without even a glance in their direction.

Jimin looks at him tenderly as he pushes himself to his feet. He leads him off to a corner near the bathrooms. Jungkook looks around; there are a few other customers in the store. He’s wearing a t-shirt because of work, his tatted arms on display for the world. Tatted arms, a crying daughter, and a shop full of people to witness.

“Jungkook,” Jimin says firmly. His small, soft hand presses into Jungkook’s cheek, turning his head so they’re facing each other. “No one’s looking at you, Jungkook.”

He focuses on Jimin. Nods. The panic catches up to him, floods through his veins until his hands are trembling again. Tears slip from his eyes before he can stop them.

“She’s fine,” Jimin murmurs, still holding onto his cheek. “She’s okay. Call her school.”

“Right.” He wipes away his tears, draws in a shaky breath, and fumbles for his phone. Jimin stands with him while he calls the school to tell them he’s found her. They ask him to come in for a meeting that evening. After he’s done, he leans against the wall, sighing. He runs a hand across his face. ”Did she tell you what happened?”

“One of the girls in her class—Jiyeon, I think—said her mom told her Seoyeon’s dad was a bad person and a bad father. Jiyeon said that made Seoyeon bad, too, and pushed her. But Seoyeon pushed her back because of what she said about you.”

“Fuck.” Jungkook presses his fingers into his eyes. “Fuck.”

“Has she been having problems with her classmates?”

“I didn’t realize how bad they’d gotten.” Jungkook’s shoulders sag. “They give her shit because she’s my daughter. It’s my fault.”

“It’s not. It’s their parents’ fault for being close-minded, old-fashioned assholes. They probably still think tattoos mean you’re part of a gang.”

“That doesn’t change the fact that they give her shit because of me.”

“I know,” Jimin says softly. “But blaming yourself isn’t going to help anything.”

“If I wasn’t such shit at being a parent, we wouldn’t be here.”

“You’re not shit at being a parent. You’re a good dad.”

“My kid ran away from school. After pushing her classmate.”

“Your kid stood up for herself and got scared. When I was six, I ran away from school because my teacher said I couldn’t have ice cream for lunch. My parents did an amazing job raising me. What I did when I was six doesn’t mean anything.”

Jungkook peers at Jimin through his bangs. His head is slightly tilted, a soft quirk to his lips. Something about the way he speaks makes Jungkook want to believe him.

“She needs you right now. She doesn’t need you to blame yourself.”

“Yeah.”

Jungkook glances around the wall. Seoyeon has finished her cupcake. She fiddles with the laces of her tiny sneakers, eyes cast downward. He looks back at Jimin. “Thanks, hyung.”

Then he heads for his daughter.

She gives him a tiny wave when he approaches. He sits across from her on the bench, tucking his knees into his chest and resting his chin on top. “I heard what happened.”

“Are you mad at me?” she says, voice small.

“No. Jiyeon pushed you first, right?”

“Yeah. But I shouldn’t have pushed her back.”

“Why did you push her back?”

“Because she was saying mean things about you.”

“Thank you, Seoyeonie, for standing up for me. But you don’t have to do that. Look, Appa can take care of himself.” He flexes his muscles until she giggles. “Just stand up for yourself.”

“Okay.”

“What could you have done instead of push her back?”

“Tell a teacher.”

“Sometimes you don’t really have a choice, right? Sometimes you have to push back. But this time you could have told someone. Does that make sense?” It’s a hard line to define. Jungkook knows there might be times in her life when she has to fight back, and he doesn’t know how to explain what it means to pick your battles. And he doesn’t want her to think she should let people bully her and do nothing, either.

“Yeah.”

“Jiyeon and the other kids bother you a lot, don’t they?”

She returns to fiddling with her laces. Jungkook thinks she isn’t going to answer, but then she says, “Yeah.”

“I have to meet with your teachers about what happened today. Maybe we can tell them about it.” That’s a gamble, too, because he remembers being a kid and thinking tattling was the lowest thing you could do. He doesn’t know what Seoyeon will say. But if it’s gotten to this level, he’s not sure they have a choice.

“They’re gonna hate me even more.”

“Seoyeonie, they’re going to hate you either way.”

She flinches.

“I’m sorry. But some people are just like that. It doesn’t matter what you do.”

“Yeah.”

“Maybe we can tell your teacher to keep it a secret. See if she can find a way to keep an eye out for you and catch them in the act without having to tell anyone that you’re the one who told her. Maybe that’ll work.”

“Okay.”

“But if it doesn’t work, she’s going to have to talk to them straight up.”

“Okay.” She nods, and this time when she meets his gaze she doesn’t look doubtful. “That’s okay.”

It’s hard to clamp down on the guilt that he should have done something earlier, should have given her better advice every time she complained about her classmates. But there’s no use looking back. He has to do something now.

“Jimin oppa said he used to get teased a lot by kids in his class, too, until he told his dance teacher because she was his favorite and she told them to stop. They even said sorry and everything.”

“See, sometimes it works. I used to get teased, too. But I never told anyone.”

“Do you wish you did?”

He shrugs. “Maybe.” He doesn’t. Sometimes it doesn’t work, after all. Adult authority wouldn’t have done much for him. “Should I call your teacher and ask if you can come to the meeting with me?”

“Yeah. You can do it.”

He’s dialing when she leans over the bench to kiss his cheek.

“Thanks, Appa. I love you.”

“I love you, too, Seoyeonie.”

~

“So.” Minho leans on the tattoo shop counter with a look on his face that spells trouble. “When are you gonna fuck Babydoll?”

That’s the name they’ve taken to using for Jimin, despite Jungkook’s constant irritation. Jungkook sends him a glare from where he lounges on the couch waiting for his next appointment.

“Fuck you, Song Minho.”

“That’s hyung to you, kid.”

“While I generally try not to agree with anything he says,” Yongguk adds, coming out of the back with a customer in tow, a fresh piercing adorning her nose. “Seriously, when are you? I’m tired of your lovesick ass moping around the place.”

“Wait too long and Babydoll’s gonna find someone hotter. Which isn’t hard, all things considered,” Minho says, an insufferable grin spreading across his face.

“You’re trying to call me ugly when you look like that?” Jungkook fires back.

Yongguk snorts and rings up the customer. Before she leaves, she sends Jungkook a smile. “Fighting!”

Jungkook groans.

“Come on, what’s holding you back?” Minho asks.

“I dunno, maybe the fact that I have a goddamn kid.”

“Doesn’t mean you can’t fuck Baby—”

“Quit calling him that.”

“Once again,” Yongguk says with a long-suffering air. “I hate to agree with him. But he’s right. Seoyeonie loves Jimin.”

“You think Jimin wants to be with me when I have a kid? He’s so young.”

“You’re young, too, you dumb fuck. If Jimin was bothered by the fact that you’re a dad, he wouldn’t be making googly eyes at you,” Yongguk scoffs.

“Since when did he make googly eyes at me?”

He holds out a hand and begins to tick off his fingers. “When he came to make an appointment, when he had his tattoo done, when we went to his café the other day—”

“You’re holding yourself back,” Minho says in a rare moment of seriousness. “Jungkook, just because it didn’t work out with Seoyeonie’s mother doesn’t mean it won’t work out with Jimin.”

“Stop making excuses,” Yongguk adds. “Seoyeonie likes him, he likes both of you. You can’t be scared forever.”

Jungkook buries his face in his pillow. It’s not as simple as that. He’s scared, yeah, but that’s one problem out of many. If the parents of Seoyeon’s classmates give him so much shit just for his tattoos, how will it be when they find out he has a boyfriend? But then maybe he should take his own advice. 

Sometimes people are going to hate you no matter what.

~

A rerun of yet another mindless cartoon plays on TV. Jungkook fights sleep, curled on the couch with Seoyeon in his lap. She has his arm, the one that isn’t dangling over the couch arm with the remote in hand, pulled across herself. With her little fingers, she follows the outline of his tattoos.

“What’s this one again?”

“A chrysanthemum.”

“What’s a chrysanthemum?”

They’ve been over this many times, but Seoyeon likes to ask. “It’s a type of flower.”

“Why did you pick that one?”

“It means something special to me.”

“This one is my name, right?” She traces the artful letters down his forearm.

“Uh-huh.”

“Can I get a tattoo with your name?”

Jungkook laughs, his heart warm. He pulls her closer to kiss her head. “Sure, baby, when you’re older.” Not that she’ll want to.

“I wanna get a lion like Yongguk oppa.”

“A whole lion? Are you sure?”

“Yeah. Or maybe a tiger.”

“Okay, if that’s what you want.” He ruffles her hair. She scrunches her nose and moves her head away. “Seoyeonie, can I ask you a question?”

“Uh-huh.”

“I want to ask Jimin on a date. Would that be okay with you?”

“Jimin oppa? A date?”

“Yeah. You know what dates are, right?”

“I heard my teacher asked the music teacher on a date last week.”

He chuckles. “Oh, yeah?”

“You should do it.”

His heart thuds painfully in his chest. He kisses her cheek this time. It’s been just the two of them for so long. Thinking about changing that is more than slightly terrifying. But he figures he probably shouldn’t look that far ahead. “Think he’ll say yes?”

“He has to. Jimin oppa 

loves

 us.”

“You think so?”

“Don’t worry. If he says no, I won’t eat his cupcakes anymore.”

“Okay, Seoyeonie.” The laughter bubbles out of him unbidden. It feels like relief. “Sounds like a plan.”

~

Wringing his fingers behind his back, Jungkook paces by the tattoo shop counter. It’s eight and a half steps from one side to the other. By now, he has counted up to a hundred.

The chime above the door jingles.

“Jungkookie,” Jimin sings.

The smile Jungkook gives him is rather pained. “Hey.”

Jungkook had asked him if he could take a picture of his tattoo for their Instagram. Jimin offered to take one himself and send it in, but Minho and Yongguk were hell-bent on having a particular Instagram aesthetic, which meant additions required very specific backdrops and angles.

Having Jimin here for the picture is mostly an excuse.

“If you don’t mind,” Jungkook had said.

“Not even a little,” Jimin had answered.

“Um, we can head to the back,” Jungkook says, jabbing a finger toward the last curtained-off section of the shop.

He leads Jimin there, tugging the curtain snug around them. A photography lamp stands before the white backdrop, offering the perfect amount of lighting.

(“You want to waste our hard-earned money on a lamp?” Natasha had complained. “The better our Instagram, the more customers we get,” Minho had argued. In the end, Yongguk bought the lamp without even telling.)

Jimin strips his shirt off and stands in front of the backdrop without waiting for Jungkook’s directions. He angles himself so his ribs are the focus.

“Good?”

“Perfect,” Jungkook says, eyes trained on his smooth skin and tone figure.

He crouches in front of him with the DSLR and zooms in on his torso. The picture comes out great, 

babydoll

 swirling over his ribs, his hipbones prominent above the low cut of his jeans. He’s not supposed to include Jimin’s face in the shot, but he takes another picture that does. Jimin’s sharp jaw and pretty gaze are too ethereal not to.

“Is this okay?” Flipping back to the first picture, he holds the camera out for Jimin to see.

“Perfect.”

Then Jimin reaches out and clicks to the next picture. Jungkook flushes, makes to draw the camera away, but Jimin holds his wrist in place.

“You’re not posting this one, are you?”

“Um—”

“I heard the camera shutter, dumbass.” A fond smile playing on his lips, Jimin flicks Jungkook’s forehead.

“Sorry. I just—you’re beautiful.”

The words come out without meaning to. They stare at each other, Jimin’s eyes wide and Jungkook’s even wider. “Oh.”

“Hyung. Do you—um—do you—”

His hands on his hips, Jimin stares up at him expectantly. Jungkook doesn’t know how Jimin expects him to speak coherently when he’s still shirtless.

“Would you, maybe, want to go to dinner sometime?”

Jungkook holds his breath. Jimin smiles. “I thought you’d never ask.”

Somewhere outside the curtain, Jungkook is pretty sure he hears the others cheer.
Jimin is just a kind hearted person. It comes naturally to him, just as it is natural for someone to breath. Kindness is easy. Kindness takes literally nothing. And kindness makes people feel good, it makes you feel good so, really, kindness is just fucking amazing and Park Jimin loves it.And yes, Jungkook teases the hell out of him for that one time he cried in front of an abandoned puppy that wasn't actually abandoned, because the owner was just inside the shop buying grocery, but Jimin still loves kindness and being kind.Which is why that morning, when he leaves his tiny flat to go to college, the moment he sees the green mint haired boy sleeping on a piece of cardboard right next to the school's entrance, Jimin can't help himself. He walks back from where he came and he spots the coffee shop where Taehyung works.-Chimchim! -Taehyung chirps as soon as he enters, fluffy lilac hair covering his forehead, emphasizing huge brown eyes -Usual frappuccino?-Two, actually. -Jimin takes his wallet -There's a homeless guy sleeping next to school.Taehyung hums and he then gives the order to Seokjin, the owner of the coffee shop, a pink princess, coffee conosseur, throwing kisses diva.-Look at you being all nice and stuff. -Taehyung says, sitting back behind the cash register -Buying frappuccinos to cute boys.-I didn't say he's cute. -Jimin mutters.-But he is, isn't he?-I didn't even look at his face, he was sleeping.-Stop harassing the clients, Tae. -Seokjin says, returning with the two frappuccinos -Not all people do something nice just because they're after a booty. Some people are kind.-Are you saying that I do nice things only if I'm on a quest searching for the booty? -Taehyung asks, accepting the money that Jimin is handing him.Seokjin raises an eyebrow.-Isn't that how you managed to get Jungkook to be your boyfriend?-Excuse me! -Taehyung fakes an offended expression -Kookie is with me because of my many virtues and lack of gag reflex.-And that is my cue for leaving. -Jimin smiles at the two boys -I'll see you later Tae.-Sure thing, sweet cheeks.Jimin rolls his eyes and exits the coffee shop, almost power walking back to the school so that he can give the drink to the sleeping boy.Jimin knows that it's kind of stupid to be all worked up about giving a frappuccino to a stranger, but kindess is his drug, damnit!Oh, he really is ridicolous, he's a loser.When he arrives to the school gates, the boy is still asleep, his face hidden behind a grey scarf that looks bigger than him, so Jimin slowly approaches him and gently puts the frappuccino next to the guy. At that exact moment, said guy snaps his eyes open and stares at him. Jimin freezes.-What are you doing? -the green haired asks, voice hoarse and a little intimidating. Maybe a lot intimidating.-I... -Jimin clears his voice -I got you something? For breakfast?-Why?Jimin shrugs.-Just 'cause?The boy slowly gets up and tugs the scarf under his chin. And okay, the guy might be cute. Maybe more than just cute, maybe fucking handsome and hands down gorgeus, with the fairest skin Jimin has ever seen and the prettiest eyes in the world, but that isn't relevant.-Look, just drink it, it's not like it's poisoned. -Jimin's expression tightens -Oh God, you thought it was poisoned?The boy squints his eyes.-No. -he replies.-Oh, good. Right, have a good day! -and Jimin stands back up and promptly leaves.Wait. Did he just say to a homeless person to “have a good day”? He's homeless for God's sake! He sleeps on a piece of cardboard in December, he probably won't ever have a decent day, let alone a good one!Jimin quickens his steps and, cringing inside, heads over his first lecture of the day.   -You know, you're unbelievable.Jimin throws an offended look at Jungkook. The boy is grinning, sitting on one of the benches of the campus, whilst Jimin is looking for his cellphone that, obviously, managed to disappear in his backpack.-Thanks. -he grits.-Come on, you know I mean it as a compliment. -the younger boy rubs at his neck -It's just that there are no people like you. Still, I can't believe you told a homeless to have a good day.-It was a reflex! -Jimin whines -You always wish a good day to someone, so I just said it, I wasn't thinking and where the hell is my fucking phone?-Is he hot?-Jungkook, not now.-He is, isn't he? -Jungkook's grin widens -I bet that you panicked because he's hot.-I didn't panic. -Jimin replies firmly.Jungkook shrugs, twisting in his finger a lock of black hair.-You know, as much as I admire you for being kind and everything, I'm still missing the reason why you do what you do.-Because it's nice.-Nice? Hyung, you once bought an ice cream cone for a girl that was crying in the park and everyone thought you were some kind of creep!Jimin's lips twist at the memory.-Yeah, I know.-That kid's father tried to beat you with a branch.-I know, Kook. It's still nice. The little girl was happy when she got the ice cream.-So that's why you do it, because it makes people happy.Jimin nods.-Mostly. Honestly, where the hell is my phone?-So, was he happy when you got him the frappuccino?Jimin freezes. Well, he didn't exactly look happy. He seemed confused. Maybe even a little pissed. Ok, maybe he looked fifty different shades of pissed and confused.-Not really. -he mutters in the end.-You know, not all homeless people like it when we buy them stuff out of pity.-It wasn't out of pity. -Jimin replies, forgetting about his phone -I don't do stuff out of pity.-I know. -Jungkook smiles at his friend -He doesn't, though.-So you think I offended him?Jungkook nods solemnly.-He got offended over a fucking frappuccino? -Jimin grimaces -Really?-Look, I don't know if he got offended or not, but if he did it was probably because he didn't want your pity. -Jungkook gives him a sympathetic smile -Pride is weird, you know?Before Jimin can say anything, Taehyung is suddenly in front of him and is launching himself on Jungkook's lap.-Do not worry bitches, for I am back! -he chirps -Where's my goodmorning kiss?-It's three in the afternoon. -Jungkook says, and Taehyung raises an eyebrow at his boyfriend.-Did I fucking stutter?Jungkook chuckles but pulls Taehyung in for a kiss, the older boy humming blissfully.-You missed the morning lectures. -Jimin tells him and Taehyung whines.-Yeah, there was a little accident at work.-What accident? -Jungkook asks.-Well, first of all a client tried to get my number.-I'll kill him. -the black haired boy says, dead serious -Describe him to me. One word from you and he's dead.-Oh my God, you guys are disgusting. -Jimin mutters, and decides to look for his phone again.-No murders, Kookie, I can't fuck you if you're in prison. -Taehyung shoots him a boxy smile -Anyway, after the guy left the actual accident happened. So, I'm behind the counter when I sniff the air and I go “Jin-hyung, I'm pretty sure something is burning” and Seokjin loses his mind because “SWEET JESUS, THE BROWNIES, OH MY GOD MY BABIES NO” so he runs to the oven. Except that the smell wasn't coming from there but from the coffee machine. So I approach the threatening piece of technology and the thing is fucking fuming. Like, actual smoke is coming out of it. So I call Jin back, I tell him that our coffee machine is in full volcano mode... and then it explodes.Jimin takes his eyes off the inside of his backpack and stares at Taehyung.-The coffee machine exploded?-Damn right it did. -Tae giggles -Oh, it was so funny! Jin-hyung was screaming his lungs out, there was coffee everywhere and everyone in the café was laughing, me included. Although, I stopped laughing when I noticed that the coffee was fucking hot and definitely burned Jin-hyung's hand. He's fine, though, don't worry.-You know, I feel like your life is really weird. -Jungkook says, and strangely enough Jimin can hear only fondness in the words.-You can bet your sweet ass it is. -Tae then turns to Jimin -So, did the cute homeless boy like the frappuccino?-You don't know if he's cute or not.Taehyung's eyes widen.-Oh, no, trust me, I know. I've seen him whilst I was coming here, that guy is a 10 out of 10. Nice catch.-I'm not catching anyone! -Jimin sighs out of pure despair -I'm not going after him, for God's sake.Taehyung clicks his tongue.-Yet. -he says.   Thing is, Jimin really doesn't want anything from the boy with green hair. He just wanted to give him something sweet to begin the morning with.Which is why after his classes are over, Jimin is well set on ignoring the homeless boy and heading straight to his apartment.It's evening, the december air chilly against his skin; Jimin stuffs his hands in his jacket's pockets and walks with a quick pace. The moment he surpasses the university's gates he does not look on his right where he knows the guy was sleeping that, but he stops the moment he hears a familiar hoarse voice.-Ya.Jimin freezes and, slowly, turns around.The green haired boy is still sitting on his piece of cardboard, headphones around his neck and a worn out notebook lays on his thigs.-You're the kid who gave me that thing, right?Jimin frowns.-The frappuccino?-That.-Yeah, that's me.-What's your name?-Park Jimin.The boy nods.-That thing tasted like diabetes. -he deadpans -And I hate caramel.Jimin lets a few seconds of silence pass.-How? -he asks.-What?-How do you hate caramel? It's delicious.-Not for me, it isn't.-Oh. Okay. Sorry, I guess? -Jimin throws a quick look at the boy's notebook. The pages are filled with ink, words over words written in a messy hand writing. Every single inch of the pages is occupied with what the boy has been writing, up to the edges of the paper. Jimin's heart clenches.-Thank you, though. -the green haired man whispers, without looking at him -It was nice of you.Jimin feels a weight lifting from his chest. So he isn't offended...-I won't buy you anymore frappuccinos if you don't like them. -Jimin tousles his orange hair -What's your name?-Why do you want to know?-You know mine, it's just fair.The homeless boy tilts his chin up, his eyes look like half moons and they are dark under the dim lights of the stree lamps.-Min Yoongi. -he answers.Jimin smiles, he sees Yoongi clenching his jaw.-So, what do you like if you hate caramel?Yoongi shrugs.-Coffee.-I'll remember that.-You don't have to buy me stuff.-I'll also remember that. -Jimin waves a hand at him -I guess I'll see you tomorrow.Yoongi snorts and shakes his head.-Whatever, kid.  Except that Jimin doesn't see him the following day. Jimin sees Yoongi exactly half an hour later.When Jimin gets back to the university, backpack heavy with his new purchases, Yoongi is sitting on the floor, his legs crossed and his head resting on the wall behind him, headphones isolating him from the noises around him.Jimin approaches him quietly, he sits in front of Yoongi and waits for him to notice his presence.After a few seconds, Yoongi opens his eyes and sets them on Jimin, taking his headphones off.-I thought I smelled candy. -he says.Jimin knits his eyebrows together.-Candy?-You smell fruity.-It's my shampoo. Peaches.-Of course. -Yoongi grants him a tiny smile -What are you doing here again? Did you get me another frappuccino?Jimin smiles and shakes his head. Under Yoongi's gaze, the boy takes out of his backpack a plastic back and lets it fall on Yoongi's lap.-Ouch! -the older boy screeches -This is heavy as fuck! What is it, a life supply of frappuccinos?Jimin rolls his eyes.-Just open it.Yoongi looks from the plastic back to Jimin, then back to his plastic bag, clearly not entirely sure about the whole situation, but in the end he checks inside the bag anyway.Jimin looks at the way Yoongi's lips part slightly, at how his breath catches in his throat when he takes out of the bag the six new notebooks.-I noticed you write on the margins of the pages of your notebook, so I got you new ones. -Jimin points at the bag -There are some pens in there as well. I got them of all sorts of colors, because I don't know which one you prefer. I'm pretty sure there's also a pink one somewhere... on a second thought, maybe don't use the pink one, it doesn't suit...Jimin's words die in his throat the moment Yoongi slowly lifts the notebooks to his chest and clutches them tightly as if his life depends on them.Yoongi closes his eyes, eyebrows knit together, and Jimin can't help noticing that his bottom lip is quivering. His heart almost breaks at the sight.Those are just six notebooks. Six cheap, plain notebooks that costed him a misery, they're nothing.When Yoongi finally opens his eyes, they are shiny and hazy with tears.-Thank you. -he whispers, his voice breaks -Thank you so much.Jimin swallows the lump in his throat.-It's nothing, oh God, why are you crying? Please don't cry.Yoongi shakes his head.-No, you... you don't understand, this isn't nothing. I... fuck. -the boy takes a deep breath and he rubs his eyes, still holding the notebooks tight to his chest. When he looks at Jimin again, he's smiling. And it's that kind of smile that could probably melt anyone's heart, with his gums showing and his front teeth are a little crooked in the most endearing way -Thank you, Jimin.Jimin can't do anything but smiling back.-You're welcome. -he says, and in that moment he makes a decision. He will do anything in his power to make Yoongi smile like that again.     -Here you go, hyung. -Jimin hands Yoongi the paper cup -A warm, nice cup of coffee.Yoongi takes a gulp of the beverage.-It's cold. -he states blankly.Jimin looks at him for a second before speaking again.-A nice cup of coffee.-It tastes like shit.-A cup of coffee.-I'm not even sure this is coffee.-A cup.Yoongi chuckles and shoots Jimin a quick gummy smile.-Thanks, Jiminie.-No problem.-But really, this coffee is awful.-Yeah, last week the coffee machine broke and they got it fixed but the coffee tastes terrible now. -Jimin smirks -Are you regretting the frappuccino?-Absolutely not, this coffee tastes exactly like my soul, I feel a personal connection to it. -Yoongi says, he takes another sip of the drink and grimaces -Fuck, it really is poison.Jimin giggles before waving a hand at Yoongi.-Gotta go to class, I'll bring you lunch later.-If you bring me that shitty sandwich again I'll kick your ass!-You know, for being homeless you're really ungrateful.Yoongi grins.-Excuse you, I'm a classy homeless person. I may be sleeping on cardboard but I have standards.  It's been a week since their first encounter and, somehow, Jimin managed to befriend Yoongi. And it wasn't easy.Yes, Yoongi might have softened a little after Jimin gave him the notebooks, but the mint haired boy was still very defensive around him, not entirely gracefully accepting the things Jimin bought him.“Honestly, I appreciated the notebooks, really, but you don't have to feed me” Yoongi said the second day Jimin got him coffee and a donut.Jimin just shrugged.Thing is, Jimin can brag only about two things: his kindness (because yes, he takes fucking pride in it), and his stubborness. He had set his mind on becoming friends with Yoongi and he was not going to give up.“It's like looking at a hyper puppy trying to play with a grumpy cat.” Taehyung said during lunch “It's adorable, really”.So Jimin persisted, for four full days, buying meals for the homeless boy, and everytime Yoongi would have rolled his eyes, muttered something about not being a fucking kid, but in the end he still accepted the food. Jimin came to the conclusion that Yoongi truly didn't want Jimin to buy him anything, mostly out of pride, but he took the presents just so that the money Jimin had spent wasn't going to be wasted.It was almost as if Jimin was guilt-tripping him into taking the meals he offered him, but at least in this way Jimin knew that Yoongi had two decent meals a day. That was enough for him.Or maybe it wasn't.Jimin liked Yoongi. Really, really, liked Yoongi. It wasn't about attraction, though. Not that he wasn't attracted because, truly, Yoongi is just beautiful. Jimin just likes him. He likes the way Yoongi speaks, voice heavy with an accent that made his words a little bit slurred, he likes watching his slender fingers, enjoys the low and hoarse sound of his voice and the way his eyes disappear when he smiles. It finally happened the first time Jimin sat down next to Yoongi and had lunch with him, ignoring the older boy's protests.-Can you please explain to me why you're so fixated on becoming my friend? -Yoongi asked him, mouth half full with his sandwich -Like, I'm a pain in the ass.Jimin giggles and takes a sip of his coke.-You're charming. -he replied, almost as if he was stating a fact.Yoongi raised an eyebrow at him.-Charming?Jimin nodded, slitghly tilting his head to the side and taking in Yoongi's sharp features.-You have very fair skin, and I also like your hair. But it's your eyes that really take someone's attention, they look like those of a fox. And your voice sounds nice. -The boy smiled -So yeah, charming. You're pretty. I like pretty people.Yoongi looked at him for what could've well possibly been a full minute, speechless, his pretty eyes wide and his mouth hanging open.-Park Jimin. -he finally said, face tight with amusement -You're a really strange person. And fluttery will take you everywhere.Jimin's lips quirked up.-So does that mean we're friends?Yoongi shrugged, taking a bite of his sandwich.-Sure. -he answered -After all, I like pretty people as well.  So, yes, they're friends.-Except that you're totally falling for the guy. -Namjoon says.Jimin groans and hides his face behind his hands.-I feel like I'm taking advantage of him. -the boys murmurs -That I'm taking advantage of our friendship just so that I can be around him.-Well, duh. -Namjoon fixes his round glasses on his nose -That's what humans do, Jimin, we take advantage of people for our benefits.-I'm not like that, hyung.-You might be kind, Jimin, but you're not Mother Teresa. Also, to be honest, the fact that you buy him stuff actually makes you look more like a daddy than a friend.Jimin looks at Namjoon from between his fingers.-He's homeless. -he states -And I'm not rich, I'm broke as well, except that I have a roof. And I'm younger. I am no daddy.-But you still have more money than him and you buy him goodies. A daddy.-I buy him food.-A daddy, as I said.-You're intolerable. -Jimin hears his phone buzzing in his pocket, so he takes it and checks the text he just received -Hey, Taehyung asks me if we want to go to the café later and say hi.-No, I'm busy. -Namjoon replies, flipping a page of the book he has opened in front of him.-He also says he'll buy us food.Namjoon sharply shuts the book close and stuffs it in his bag.-What are we waiting for, let's go and be good friends for Taehyung.Jimin takes his stuff shaking his head and following his friend to the college gates. As soon as they're out, Jimin sets his eyes on Yoongi, sitting in his usual spot and scribbling on his new notebook.-Let's invite your crush. -Namjoon says.-Wait, hyung, I don't think...-Hey! -Namjoon almost shouts and Jimin cringes -Homeless kid!Yoongi slowly lifts his eyes from his notebook, throwing an annoyed look at Namjoon, who was now approaching.-What? -Yoongi asks.-Come with us to Taehyung's café.-Who the hell is Taehyung, who are you, and who is us?Jimin quickly catches up to Namjoon, shyly waving a hand at Yoongi, who visibly relaxes when he sees him.-Oh, hi. -the mint haired boy says -So, who's Taehyung?-My best friend, he works at the coffee shop where I buy you coffee. He's offering us food.Yoongi nods and closes his notebook, he then puts it inside his backpack and stands to his feet.-I never say no to free food. -Yoongi says -Obviously. Jimin, at first, feared that the situation might have been awkward with Namjoon and Yoongi. After all, Namjoon is that kind of man who either doesn't speak at all or waxes poetic about anything (literally, once he managed to talk about squids for three whole hours and everybody's eyes were glued to him), whilst Yoongi is... well, Yoongi. Bitter, cinical, caramel hater Yoongi.Instead, the two boys hit it off right away.-What were you writing in the notebook? -Namjoon asks.Jimin groans internally because, really, you don't just ask stuff like that. Even he didn't ask anything to Yoongi, fearing that maybe the mint haired boy would've just shut him out.But, against all odds, Yoongi's answer is immediate and simple.-Lyrics.-Really? -Jimin asks with a smile -Namjoon-hyung writes songs too!-He does? -Yoongi looks at Namjoon, with curiosity in his hooded eyes.-Yep, I'm majoring in composition and production.At that Jimin can see in Yoongi's gaze something that horribly resembles melancholy.-I've always been interested in music production. -Yoongi admits.-Yeah? -Namjoon nods -I can give you some of my notes if you're curious about the class.-Wait, really?-Yeah, man, no problem.For the rest of the walk to the coffee shop Yoongi and Namjoon talk about music, writing, composing, artists that they both love and Jimin happily lets that happen.Yoongi is alone. Jimin knows that. If Jimin can, somehow, give him new friends, some company, even the tiniest moments of happiness, then he's happy with himself. This is what he loves doing, after all.And now that Yoongi is on his feet, Jimin notices stuff. He notices that Yoongi is sligthly taller than him and that his leather jacket is not warm enough for the harsh winter that hit them. That Yoongi always looks like he's about to shiver because of the cold, that there are dark circles around his eyes, that if before Jimin thought that Yoongi was slender, now he thinks he's way too thin.He realizes that what he's been doing is not enough and that he needs to do much more. Jimin has to help Yoongi. He just doesn't know how. He doesn't even know if he has any right to do so. When they finally get inside the coffee shop there are already a few people, mostly students, lazying around in the little couches and at the tables.-This is nice. -Yoongi says.-Jin-hyung really cares about this place. -Jimin explains, he then spots Taehyung behind the counter, Jungkook by his side -Taetae, we're here.Taehyung spins around, almost knocking down a jar of almonds, that Jungkook catches without even sparing it a look.-Ayo bitches! -Tae chirps -Oh! Homeless hottie is here!-Did he just call me a hottie? -Yoongi mutters.-Is it a date? -Taehyung wiggles his eyebrows with a wicked grin on his face.-I'm here too, so how the fuck can it be a date? -Namjoon asks.-A threesome then?-I'll kill him. -Namjoon sighs -You promised us food.-I sure did! -Taehyung turns to Jungkook -Doesn't he look good in an apron?Jimin rolls his eyes.-Yes, he's a vision. Since when do you work here anyway?-I don't. -Jungkook answers -But the client that tried to get his numbers keeps coming back, so I'm here to keep an eye on the fucker.-He's marking the territory. -Taehyung adds -And Jin-hyung said that he can stay behind the counter with me as long as he wears an apron.-I'm confused. -Yoongi says.-They're together. -Jimin replies.-Oh. -Yoongi gives them a little smile -That's nice. How did you...-Oh, God, don't ask. -Namjoon closes his eyes and shakes his head.-Oh! Did he ask how me and Jungkookie met?-No, Tae, you must have heard wrong. -Jimin quickly distracts him -Ah, wow, I'm so hungry, aren't you guys hungry?Taehyung pouts, but points a table to them.-Go sit there, you horrible people. I'll tell Jin-hyung to make you something. -Taehyung then puts his hands to the sides of his mouth and shouts -Jin-hyung! Food! For friends!Yoongi slightly winces at the sudden scream, wereas both Namjoon and Jimin are totally unfazed by the situation.-You need to stop screaming! -Jin shouts back from the kitchen -Damn it! Now I'm screaming too!-Food is on it's way. -Taehyung informs them, winking.The three boys go sit at the table Taehyung assigned them, taking their jackets off. Yoongi keeps his on. And the scarf as well. Jimin tries his best to ignore the wave of concern that hits him.-Your friends are crazy. -the mint haired man says.-Nah, just Taehyung. -Namjoon fixes his glasses on his nose -This Jin guy must be crazy as well since he hired him.Jimin smiles.-That's right, you never met him. Jin-hyung is like a princess, really.-How can a guy be a princess?-No, he is. Truly. He also looks like one.-Is he attractive? -Yoongi asks.Jimin's eyebrows furrow.-Why? Are you interested in him?Yoongi gives him an amused look, whilst Namjoon is trying his best not to snicker.-I mean, I never met the guy, so... no?-Oh. Right. Yeah. -Jimin clears his voice, far too aware of the blush coloring his face -Well, either way, Jin is attractive and...He stops talking the moment a loud bang resonates in the coffee shop, followed by a shriek and a gasp. They turn around to look at what happened, and they are met with the sight of a smoking coffee machine, a drenched in coffee Taehyung and an incredibily concerned Jungkook.-Oh my God! -the younger boy gets next to Taehyung -Babe, are you okay?Taehyung stays still and then sighs.-Fool me once, shame on you. -the boy hisses -Fool me twice, shame on you again for taking advantage of my compassionate and forgiving nature! How dare you?! -Taehyung turns around, livid with rage, and from behind the counter he takes a rolling pin, and then turns to the coffee machine again -Well, square up then hoe! I will deck you, you piece of shit!-Oh my God. -Jimin whispers.Taehyung is about to hit the coffee machine with the rolling pin when Jungkook puts himself between his boyfriend and the offending machine.-Move!-You can't destroy the coffee machine!-Fucking watch me!-Taehyung, stop!-Why are you taking it's side?! Don't you love me?!-I do, that's why I'm not letting you fight a coffee machine! You're covered in boiling coffee for God's sake, I'm worried as hell, did you get burned?!At that Taehyung seems to relax and he lowers his weapon.-I mean, my chest feels like it's on fire.Jungkook rolls his eyes and takes Taehyung's wrist, pulling him to the toilet and mumbling something like “if you did get burned then I will fight the coffee machine”.Yoongi looks around.-Why is no one leaving this place? -he asks, staring at the totally relaxed customers.-Taehyung's shows are one of the reasons why they even have customers. -Jimin answers.-I want to get back to my piece of cardboard.-I don't blame you, my dude. -Namjoon sighs -So no coffee?-I'm afraid so. -Jimin says.-Really, my cardboard is fine. It's a nice piece of cardboard.-So, Namjoon-hyung, how is your composition piece going? Oh, wait, you haven't started it yet.-I don't know, how is you love life going you little smartass?-I also have a nice blanket, you know? It's warm, and it keeps me from meeting people who want to beat the shit out of coffee machines.-That was low, Namjoon-hyung.-Not as low as you, that's almost impossible you midget.-Okay, I feel like I need to intervene 'cause Jimin is as tall as me, so I feel like this concerns me.-This conversation is weird. -Jimin sighs and slumps back on the chair -I'm hungry.Namjoon hums, taking his phone from his pocket.A few moments later, Jin arrives carrying a tray with plates full of food on it, an everlasting smile on his face and he's rocking a pink apron.-Food is here! -he says, placing the plates in front of the three boys -Coffee isn't because life hates me, but still. I made some sandwiches, they're really good, I'm also working on a dessert. And... -he sets his eyes on Yoongi -You are?Yoongi smiles.-Min Yoongi, the homeless guy.-Oh, right! Jimin always talks about you.-I don't. -the boy quickly says, but Jin is already ignoring him.-And he is?Namjoon takes his eyes off his phone and he looks like he's about to answer, but instead he just stands there with his mouth open, staring at Jin.Namjoon's round glasses slowly start slipping down his nose, the silence is long and tense, his eyes take in Jin's face, then Jin's height, then his pink apron.He then finally speaks.-Who are you?Jin frowns.-Kim Seokjin. The owner of this place.-Kim Seokjin. -Namjoon fixes his glasses back on spot -Marry me.   
  -I'm never going out with your friends again. -Yoongi says, chewing loudly on his sandwich.Jimin looks at him with a raised eyebrow, whilst they sit on Yoongi's cardboard, eating their lunch.-You don't mean it.-I absolutely do. Jungkook is a fuckboy, Taehyung is just crazy, and Namjoon asked a man he had just seen to marry him. -Yoongi pauses his chewing -The craziest part is that Jin just said “at least ask me out for dinner first”. Like, what kind of young adult novel is his life?-Admit it, you like them.-Over my dead body. -Yoongi shakes his head -Food is good though. Can I ask you a question?-You just did.-Listen to me, you orange headed smartass...Jimin chuckles, covering his mouth full of food with the palm of his hand.-I'm sorry, hyung. Come on, ask away.-Your friends are absolute nutjobs, so how come you're like this?-What do you mean? And don't be so quick to judge, you haven't met Hoseok yet, he's the really crazy one.-Oh, great, another one. -Yoongi takes the last bite of his sandwich -I mean that you're some sort of angel that buys things to homeless people whilst your friends are... whatever they are.Jimin snorts.-I'm not an angel. I'm just kind. Being kind is easy, and I like helping people. Also, I don't buy things to every homeless person I meet. Sure, I usually get them a coffee or give them some money, but with you it's different.Yoongi tilts his head to the side.-What is different?Jimin takes a breath, looking at anything except Yoongi. Yeah, what is different? Everything is. Everything about Yoongi is different. His feelings for Yoongi are different.-You are. -Jimin answers, in the end. He's pretty sure he's blushing, but it's cold enough to blame the color of his cheeks on the wind.Yoongi hums a satisfied sound, and when Jimin turns to look at him, the older man is smirking.-Shut up. -Jimin mutters.-I didn't say anything. -Yoongi gives him a soft look, pretty lips stretched in a smile -You're right, you're kind. Probably the kindest person I've ever met. And surely, sooner or later, this kindness of yours will bite you in the ass, but you do you, kid.-Thanks... I guess? -Jimin frowns -I'm not sure that was completely a compliment.-It was, you ungrateful brat.Jimin giggles and he can kind of see the way Yoongi stops breathing for a second, and how the older man's eyes widen, but Jimin also kind of knows that he's probably imagining it.The boy takes the last bite of his sandwich and he takes a sip of his coke before speaking again.-Since you asked me a question, can I do it too?-Sure.-If you don't want to answer it's fine.Yoongi rolls his eyes.-Damn, Jimin, just get on with it. What, are you asking for my hand in marriage?-Really funny, hyung.-Because if you are you must know that my dowry is kind of a zero right now.-I'll keep that in mind. -Jimin bites his bottom lip -How did you end up sleeping on a piece of cardboard?Yoongi visibly stiffens, but he keeps his expression blank.-Are you curious?-I told you, if you don't want to answer it's fine.Yoongi nods.-Well, Jiminie, there is something you need to know first. -Yoongi clears his voice -There are only three things that I truly love. The first one is music. And music will always be my first everything. The other two things go hand in hand.Jimin listens carefully, gulping down some coke.-Those two things are coffee and dick.Jimin brutally chokes on his soda, and he's pretty sure that some of it went right to his nose.-Don't die on me, kid.Jimin coughs, trying to get back some of his composure.-I'm good. -he croaks.-Nice. Well, let's just say that my parents did not like two of those things, and it wasn't the coffe. -Yoongi rubs the back of his neck -When I told them that I wanted to do music they weren't exactly happy. Hell, my father was fucking fuming. So it probably wasn't the best moment to mention that I was also not into women, but I live life on the edge.-You ran away?-Hell no, they kicked me out.-Are you kidding me?Yoongi shakes his head.-My dad literally packed my bag in front of me, saying that “we don't raise fairies in this family”. So here I am. My mom gave me some money, but it didn't last long. I have, like, 1000 won left. This happened six months ago. -Yoongi stuffs his head in the jacket's pockets -I'm not gonna sugar coat this, it sucks. It's horrible, really, and fuck if it's cold during the night. I mostly sleep when the sun is out, I feel like I'll freeze to death otherwise. Shelters are a fucking mess, I tried staying in one and I got almost robbed of my underwear. And let me tell you, after a while washing yourself at public toilets gets uncomfortable, but it's still better than smelling like garbage.Jimin can feel his jaw clenching, his breath stopping in his throat. This isn't right. Yoongi is young, talented and full of passion, he doesn't deserve this. No one does. But Yoongi deserves so much more, he deserves everything. At least, in Jimin's mind, he does.-I'm sorry, hyung.Yoongi snorts.-Why are you apologizing, it's not your fault.-I know, it's just... -Jimin shakes his head -You said it's cold, do you want me to bring you some blankets?-I have blankets, kid.-I'll bring you more.Yoongi lets out a small laugh and it sounds a little forced, but it's still a laughter so Jimin can't help but smile back at the man.-Okay, bring me blankets.-I'll bring you so many blankets you won't know what to do with them.-Wow, I feel like a rich man.-So, music. Is that what you want to do?Yoongi seems to be thinking about it, hooded eyes narrowed and eyebrows knit together.-I don't know. -he replies -I mean, it would be great, you know, to make my own music. But it's not just that. It's that composition allows you to see music, not just hear it. It's wonderful, you know? Seeing the body of a song you're listening to instead of just imagining it. -there's a soft smile that Jimin has never seen before on Yoongi's lips -It's almost as if you're meeting your lover for the first time.And that's the moment when Jimin wishes he could become a song just so that Yoongi could see him with the eyes of a lover for the very first time.That simple thought almost tears him apart.-I gotta go to class. -Jimin croaks, standing up abruptly and taking his backpack -I'll see you later?-Yeah, sure. -Yoongi frowns -Are you okay?-I am, of course. -Jimin manages a smile that must look like a horrible grimace -I'll see you later.       
 
 Jimin is not aware of Hoseok's presence until a cup of hot cocoa is placed in front of him.-Talk to me. -the man says, sighing -You've been staring at our kitchen wall for the past hour. What's wrong?Jimin takes the cup between his hands, warmth slowly making it's way to his skin.-I told you about Yoongi, right?-Homeless hottie, yep.-You guys need to stop calling him that. -Jimin pouts -Well, he might not be my crush as I told you before.Hoseok frowns, passing a hair through his brown hair.-So what, you don't like him anymore?-No, that's the problem. I like him too much. -Jimin sighs before taking a sip of his cocoa -I think I'm falling for him.Hoseok stares at Jimin for what feels like ages until he nods solemnly.-Tough shit, man.Jimin groans.-Wow, thank you hyung, now I feel better.-Oh, I'm sorry, did you expect me to give you advice? I don't know if you noticed, but I'm not doing so great in the whole “love department”.-You're my friend, of course you're supposed to give me advice!-Well, okay... -Hoseok straightens his shoulders -Here goes. Tell him.On a second thought, maybe asking for advice from Hoseok isn't exactly the best idea, but it's too late to take it back now.Jimin can basically feel his face twisting in a pained expression.-Wow, hyung, that was... really helpful. Thanks.-You know what? Namjoon is right, you're a smartass. -Hoseok crosses his arms -Sure, okay, keep your feelings hidden from the world, see if I care. But I won't always be here making cocoa for you. You should tell him, and that's it. Keeping your feelings all bottled up isn't healthy.-A rejection isn't healthy either. -Jimin mutters from behind his mug.-You don't know if he'll reject you. But you do as you want, Minnie, I can't force you.Jimin manages a smile and nods, Hoseok gives him a sympathetic grin before squeezing his shoulder and he starts leaving the kitchen.-Ah, hyung! -Jimin calls.-Yeah?-Do we have blankets?  *  -These are way too many blankets.-Blankets are never enough, Yoongi-hyung.-No, Jimin, I mean it. -Yoongi looks with wide eyes the gigantic pile of warm blankets set next to him -Like, this is not Russia in the middle of World War, these blankets are too many.-They are not!-How many did you bring? I want an exact number.Jimin stiffens.-Five.-Jimin, don't bullshit me, these are at least fifteen.A pause.-Actually, thirteen. -Jimin says.-I will actually die with all these blankets. I will suffocate to death.-It's not like you have to use all of them! Geez, hyung, those were heavy to carry, you know?-Oh, so now I should feel bad for you?Jimin raises an eyebrow.-A “wow, thank you Jimin, you're such a precious human being, literal angel who fell from heaven to grace us all with his presence” would be nice.Yoongi lets out a chuckle, still shaking his head at the amount of blankets that now cover his cardboard.-You're so demanding. -he whispers, but there's fondness in his voice -Thank you, kid.Jimin smiles, satisfied with the response.-You're very welcome.-Now, do you wanna hear some good news?-Aren't the blankets already good news?-I found a job.Jimin's eyebrows shoot up in surprise.-Really?! That's great, where?-Well, it's a long story.-Why is it always a long story with you?Yoongi rolls his eyes, but he's still smiling.-So, the coffee machine from Jin's place broke again right? So I went back there and told him I could try and fix it, 'cause I'm good at fixing stuff. Jin gave me his permission and I fixed the thing, Taehyung almost choked me to death when he hugged me and Jin said that maybe I could start working at the coffee shop in case the coffee machine breaks again. Which was his way of saying “I'm giving you this job so you can buy something to eat” without making it obvious.-That's amazing hyung! -Jimin smiles wildly, squeezing Yoongi's shoulder -When do you start?-This afternoon, actually. -Yoongi replies, a content smile on his face.-I'll come and see you then.-No, you don't have to.-Of course I have to! I'll be one of those really annoying clients that want to speak with the manager because the soy milk isn't warm enough.-Wow, can't wait to see you then.  That afternoon, as he promised, Jimin makes his way to the coffee shop.Jimin also realizes, the moment he steps inside the café, that he made a big mistake. It is fair to say that Jimin is a weak human being, and he's especcially weak to certain things: puppies, starry nights, cheesy dramas (he loves them, fight him), cute bumblebees and aprons. He is so fucking weak to aprons.That's why the moment he sees Yoongi behind the register his legs almost give up on him. A pink apron. Yoongi is wearing one of those pink aprons that Jin is so fond of, and Jimin kinda wants to kill Seokjin, kinda wants to thank him for the years to come.
God give me strength.
Jimin takes a deep breath and starts making his way to the counter, Yoongi is busy typing something on a calculator, but the moment he senses someone approaching he leaves it being and puts on a polite smile.-Welcome, what would... -when his eyes meet Jimin's, the smile disappears. Yoongi grits his teeth -If you say one word, Jimin...The orange haired boy grins, Yoongi's threatening gaze absolutely ineffective on him.-Why, should I say something? -he asks, voice dripping with sarcasm.-Jimin, I mean it.-Maybe I'm missing something? Something I should make a remark about?-Listen, kid, I'm warning you.Jimin's grin only widens.-Hyung.-Don't.-Pink really suits you.-The moment my shifts ends I will destroy your perfect ass.Jimin smirks, raising an eyebrow and he leans on the counter.-Is that a threat or a promise?-Did you want something or are you here just to ruin my day? -Yoongi's facial expression remains completely blank, but Jimin can still see the pink that is slowly covering his cheeks.-Frappuccino, Tae knows how I want it.Yoongi nods, typing on the register the amount due, hands Jimin a receipt and accepts the money the younger boy is holding. He then takes a paper cup and starts scribbling something on it, probably his name, with a marker.-Go there and take your daily dose of diabetes. -Yoongi says, pointing him to the counter in front of the coffee machine.-Is that the way you talk to customers?-Yes, if the customer is an asshole.-This is absolutely unacceptable. I want to speak with the manager.At that, Yoongi's lips turn into a disgusted grimace.-Trust me, you don't, Jin has been in the back of the shop with Namjoon for the past thirty minutes.Jimin hisses.-God, now the image will haunt me forever in my sleep. -Jimin shakes his head and starts moving towards the area where Taehyung is serving another client -You're doing great, pink-apron boy!-Respect your elders!Jimin chuckles and waits for Taehyung to serve him.-Chimchim! What is up, my homie? -Tae greets him, taking the cup Yoongi left for him on the counter.-I'm good. How is he doing? -Jimin asks, tilting his head towards Yoongi.-He's doing great, actually! And girls love him! -Taehyung giggles, already preparing the frappuccino he knows Jimin wants -He gives off this bad boy vibe that all teenagers can't help but falling for.Jimin swallows the annoying lump in his throat and does his best to not seem fazed by the news.-Is that so?Taehyung smirks.-Are you jealous?-Wow, this frappuccino sure takes a long time to prepare.-Aww, you're jealous. Cute. -Taehyung finishes preparing the drink and puts a lid over the cup, he's about to hand it to Jimin but he stops, looking at the paper for a few seconds, before chuckling -Honestly, both of you are adorable.Jimin is about to ask him what the hell he's talking about, but Taehyung just shoves the cup on his chest.He frowns and inspects the cup, whilst walking towards a free table, looking for what Taehyung found so funny. When he does find it he almost trips on his own feet. 
For the cute asshole
 He looks back at the counter, and Yoongi looks absolutely annoying (and fucking hot) with his smug and satisfied grin plastered on his face.    
 
 Jimin knows very well that Yoongi can take care of himself. He's been living like this for a while, he got accustomed to it, he knows what he's doing. That's why Jimin isn't concerned about his safety. Sure, he gets worried sick when the temperature drops and he wonders if the thirteen thick blankets he gave him will be enough, but he's not exactly concerned. Yoongi knows how to take care of himself.That sense of safety disappears the day Jimin is walking to the university, Yoongi's coffee in his left hand, and instead of seeing a beautiful pale face, he sees blood.-Oh my God. -Jimin runs to Yoongi, who is sitting on his blankets, and falls to his knees in front of the older boy -What happened?Yoongi rolls his eyes.-Good morning to you too. Is that my coffee?-Yoongi, what the hell happened to your face?!Jimin stares at the cut on Yoongi's eyebrow, the scratched cheekbone and the split bottom lip, dried blood sticking to white skin and Jimin is trying really hard not to lift a hand and wipe it off.-It's nothing, kid.-No, this isn't nothing! -Jimin shouts and he can see that his reaction must have startled Yoongi -What the fuck happened to you?!Yoongi lets out a sigh.-A bunch of kids threw rocks at me.Jimin can literally feel the way his heart stops beating for a second.-They did what?-Listen, they were like ten years old or something, kids do stupid shit. It's not the first time something like this happens, it's fine. I'm fine.-It's not fine, stop saying it's fine. -Jimin takes his bottle of water from his backpack, opens it and pours the liquid on the sleeve of his jacket. Slowly, he starts rubbing it on Yoongi's cheekbone, carefully as to not hurt him, and wiping off the blood.-Ya, stop it, you'll get it dirty. -Yoongi grumbles, trying to shove Jimin's hand away.-Shut up. -his voice is shaking -Shut up and let me do this.And Yoongi does. He drops his hands on his lap and lets Jimin wash the blood off him, looking at him through his lashed, with the faint trace of a smile tugging at his lips.-You don't deserve this. -Jimin whispers when he starts cleaning Yoongi's eyebrow -Does it hurt?-I told you, I'm fine.-Right.-I am. It doesn't even hurt, really, stop being so worried, you'll get wrinkles if you do.Jimin ignores him and he moves to Yoongi's lips, slowly passing his wet sleeve over the split cut. Yoongi winces and Jimin decides to not make any snarky remarks. Under other circumstance he would've been a smartass about it, but now it's not the time. Under other circumstances he would've also tried to kiss Yoongi but now it's not the time, Park Jimin.-I'm done, but I'll bring some disinfectant later.-Thanks, nurse. -Yoogni gives him a soft smile -You don't need to be worried about me, I can take care of myself.Jimin snorts, his hand is still touching Yoongi's bottom lip but none of them seem to care.-Yeah, is that what you told a bunch of toddlers before they beat the hell out of you?-I was sleepy and they had weapons! It was a battle lost in the beginning. I just hope that this won't be a problem at work.-Don't worry, Jin-hyung won't say anything.-Okay. -Yoongi pauses -Are you gonna go to class or are you just going to caress my face until you're happy?-What? -Jimin glances at his hand and he realizes only now that he's been drawing circles on Yoongi's skin with his thumb. He quickly retrieves his hand -Right, sorry. I'm gonna go now, you have your coffee.-I sure do.-Right.He doesn't move. He's not sure he can.-Jiminie. -Yoongi gently squeezes his wrist -Don't worry about me.   Except that Jimin worries. He does nothing but worrying. He loses sleep over it, and really he should not be doing that because exams and university and just life in general, but he can't help himself.Jimin is constantly concerned that something might happen to Yoongi, that those kids will come back, or maybe someone else, someone who is actually dangerous, will do something to him. It's almost 9 P.M. when Jimin decides to bring Yoongi dinner. The older boy usually buys his own dinner, and lately Jin has been giving him food as well, but Jimin doesn't want Yoongi to be alone that night. At least, not all night long. If he can be there with him for a while then he can also be sure that nothing happens to Yoongi. Also, the meals he has for dinner are probably not healthy at all.When he arrives at the university Jimin frowns at the sight he's welcomed with.Yoongi is there, leaning wih his back on the wall, a lit cigarette between his lips, grey smoke crating weird shapes in the air. And in front of him there's a man, dressed in a business suit, way older than Yoongi and also way taller.Jimin immediately doesn't like the situation and he quickens his step, until he can hear what the two are saying.-For the last time, buddy. -Yoongi breaths out a cloud of smoke -I'm fluttered, but I don't do shit like that.-I'll pay you well.-I don't give a fuck.-Oh, come on. -Jimin can hear the man snorting -I'm not sure you have any right to be picky when you live in a shitty street. I'll make sure you have a good time.-Hey! -Jimin shouts, finally reaching them -He said no!From the corner of his eye, he can see Yoongi looking at him with a mix of awe and utter confusion.-Who's this, your boyfriend? -the man asks Yoongi, with a raised eyebrow -You've got shitty taste. You're giving up good money for this? You're dumber than you look.Now, Jimin isn't the kind of person who enjoys violence. Hell, he's like the less threatening human in the entire world, a pink butterfly would be more menacing than him. Yet, he has no control over his body when he steps between Yoongi and the stranger and brutally shoves the man away.-Fuck off. -he snarls, ignoring the loud beating of his heart echoing in his ears -Now.The man gives Yoongi one last look before he takes a step back.-Whatever. -he says -You're not worth it.He turns around and starts leaving, whilst muttering “unbelievable” under his breath.-Thanks for the cigarette, asshole! -Yoongi exclaims, before glancing at Jimin with a sort of proud look in his eyes -My knight in shining armor.Jimin rolls his eyes.-Are you okay?-Please kid, I'm peachy. -Yoongi throws the butt of the cigarette on the ground -It's not like it's the first time something like this happens. Creepy dudes who offer you money so that they can get laid is a thing that is included in the whole “I'm a homeless twenty-something package”. -Yoongi shrugs -It's fine.And suddenly, just like that, there's rage. Concern is gone and Jimin is just utterly angry, pissed and fucking fuming at this point.-Fine? -he hisses -Stop fucking saying it's fine!-Ya, Jimin...-This is not fine! You should not be experiencing this and you should not say that it's fine! Christ, Yoongi, have some fucking self respect!Jimin knows what he said was a mistake the moment Yoongi's eyes narrow and his gaze becomes impenetrable.-Listen to me, kid. -Yoongi's voice is cold, distant and Jimin hates it -You don't get to spit fucking wisdom on me when you have no idea of what this feels like, okay? I'm the one who sleeps on a piece of cardboard and doesn't freeze to death because of the blankets you gave me. I'm the one who had to find food in the fucking garbage before you started giving me meals. You think I'm enjoying this? You think it's funny not being able to take one goddamn shower when you want to? Or getting rocks thrown at me by some shitty kids?! Do you know how many times middle aged men came up on me?! That one you just met was one of the nice ones, because the others weren't so keen on just leaving it being, so don't you dare come to me and talk about self respect! I'm fucking doing my best here, I'm surviving, enduring humiliation that I never thought I'd have to face and all of this added to the fucking shame of basically being the kept man of a kid!Jimin takes a step back, silence falls between them, broken only by Yoongi's quick and ragged breath.-Well, I didn't know that me helping you was reasons of shame to you. -Jimin nods -It's good to know that this has been cleared.-Wait...Jimin drops the plastick bag with the food containers on the ground.-That's the dinner I made for you, but you can throw it away if the thought of being helped disgusts you so much.Jimin walks away, swears to himself that he's not going to fucking cry on a street, then Yoongi's hands are grabbing his arm and it takes all his strength not to shove him away.-I'm so sorry. -Yoongi whispers -Please, don't... I'm so sorry, I don't mean what I said, I swear.-You know what, Yoongi? -Jimin turns around to face the older man -I might not know what it is like to be homeless, but I know that I'm doing my best as well. I don't do this shit out of pity, I help you because I want to.-I know.-I help you because I want to be sure you're safe 'cause, believe it or not, I actually care about you.-I know. -Yoongi takes a deep breath, looking at Jimin -I'm sorry. I don't know why I said that stuff, it's just... -Yoongi lets out a shaky breath and now he looks like he's about to cry and Jimin is about to cry and, really, the situation is quite messy -It's been a shitty week, Jiminie.-Oh, fuck it. -Jimin yanks Yoongi against him and hugs his waist, resting his chin on the older boy's shoulder -I'm sorry.-Why the fuck are you apologizing now? I'm the shitty friend. -Yoongi sniffs and hugs Jimin back.-You're not shitty, you're just a grump.-Wow, thanks. -he chuckles, and it sounds a bit forced, but it's better than nothing -You know I don't mean what I said, right? I am grateful to you. More than you'll ever know.-Okay. -Jimin feels himself relaxing a little -Okay, good. Because if I'm bothering you then I'll stop.-No, don't. You're not bothering, you never bother me. I'm just a grump, right? -Yoongi pulls back from the hug -Didn't you bring dinner?  So they sit on the ground side by side, their legs touching, blankets covering both of them and eat what Jimin made in silence, ignoring the looks that the people who walk by give them.-This is actually good. -Yoongi says at some point.-Why do you sound surprised?-Shut up, it's just that it's the first decent meal I get in a long time. -Yoongi giggles, and it's a sound so endearing that Jimin thinks he fainted a little inside -Honestly, you can also cook, what even are you?Jimin smirks.-I'm boyfriend material.Yoongi snorts and noodles go flying from his mouth.     ▧   -So, Hoseok-hyung.Hoseok, who's laying on their worn out couch, raises an eyebrow at Jimin.-Right, you only call me hyung when you need something.-Well, that's just plain rude.-What do you want, Jimin?Jimin bites his lips.-Okay, you know we have a spare room, right?-Considering that i live here, yes, I am aware that such room exists.-Stop being a smartass.-Learn some manners and I will.-Anyway, I was thinking that maybe we could give it to someone.Hoseok frowns, sitting up on the couch.-You want to rent it?-No, just... give it to someone.-Who?-Because, you see, it's getting really cold real fast and soon there will be snow, so I was thinking...-To give it to the homeless hottie you're in love with and you can't shut your mouth about?-That's...-The plain truth. God... -Hoseok chuckles, his lips forming a heart shape -Oh, you're so smitten.Jimin looks at his hands.-Shut up.-Our Jimin is in love.-Stop.-Yoongi and Jimin, sitting under a tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G.-Hyung, please, can you not? -Jimin whines, hiding his blushing face behind his hands -Just tell me if it's fine to ask him if he wants the room.Hoseok looks at him for a few seconds, eyes narrowed and lips tight in a thin line, before he sighs.-Who am I to stop a young love coming to life? Sure, ask him.   The next day is a Sunday, Jimin has no classes, so he waits for the afternoon when he knows Yoongi has his shift at the coffee shop.He's gonna do it. He is well set on asking Yoongi to move in with him. And Hoseok. Of course, him and Hoseok, right.The moment he walks in the coffee shop he wonders why he even gets surprised anymore. Jungkook is holding Teahyung up, the boy's feet not touching the floor, a client looks at them with terrified eyes, Jin is softly laughing at something Namjoon said and they're holding hands. In all of this, Yoongi is sitting behind the register, seemingly unfazed by the whole deal.-You are not welcome here! -Taehyung says at the poor man, who probably just wanted a coffee and instead found Taehyung, his feet are still not touching the floor.-You people are crazy... -the man says, turning around and quickly making his way out of the coffee shop.-So, what did I miss? -Jimin asks, reaching the group.-That man is not welcome here! -Tae repeats -He said... Jungkook, babe, can you put me down?-Oh, yeah, sure. -Jungkook lets go of Taehyung.-So, Jimin, listen to this! -Tae looks absolutely upset -That guy comes in and he sounds allright, you know, kind, he smiled and was polite so obviously I told him that we're thinking of getting a puppy, and...-Wait. -Jimin looks at Jungkook -You're thinking of getting a puppy?-No. -Jungkook replies.-Yes, we are, he's just trying to keep it a secret because it's supposed to be my Christams present and he doesn't want me to know.-Tae, I am not giving you a puppy.Jimin smirks because, really, Jungkook is not capable of telling lies so of course he's buying a puppy for Taehyung.-Whatever floats your boat, sweetie. -Tae turns back to Jimin -Anyway, I tell him of the puppy and he goes “I don't like dogs”. Like, how dare you? You come into my coffee shop...-It's my coffee shop. -Jin says, but he's completely ignored.-You order my coffee, munch on my cookies and then you disrespect dogs in such manner?! The nerve! The audacity!-Well, this was fun. -Jin claps his hands once -Back to work, people.Taehyung is still grumbling about dogs and how precious they are and really, we don't deserve them, so Jimin walks over to the register.-I have news. -Jimin says and no, he's not nervous.-Me too. -Yoongi smiles -I'm taking you out for dinner.Jimin freezes, the words flying in his mind over and over, slowly processing them.-Wait, what?-I'm taking you out for dinner and it's gonna be my treat. I got my first paycheck and I want to pay you back for what you've done for me so far.-Oh, no, you don't have to.-I want to. -Yoongi almost kills him right there with a gummy smile -And you have no choice in the matter. I'm off in an hour, go sit and wait for me.-Why are you bossing me around?-Sit your ass down, Jimin. You'll tell me your news at dinner.  One hour later, Yoongi and Jimin walk out of the coffee shop and Jimin is not nervous.Jimin is about to throw up.Is this a date? Is Min Yoongi asking him out? Oh God, he's going out for dinner with Yoongi.-Hyung... -Jimin clears his throat -Where are we going?-It's a fancy place.-Wait, really?Yoongi nods.-The fanciest place I know.-Are you kidding me? I'm in my sweatpants!-Are you? -Yoongi glances at his legs -Doesn't matter, you look good anyway.Oh, great, compliments. Nice. Fantastic. He's blushing now, wonderful.Yet, Jimin can't find it in himself to ask Yoongi if this is an actual date. Probably because he already knows the answer, so he doesn't bother pushing. It's fine like this.It is safe to say, though, that there are no fancy restaurant in the area. This is a university district, there's nothing but cheap bars and pubs, so he has no idea as to where Yoongi is leading him.They pass a convenience store and stop in front of a vending machine.-Here we are. -Yoongi says -So, what do you want?Jimin looks at the vending machine full of snacks, then back at Yoongi.-This is the fancy place?-Damn right it is.Jimin can't help the fit of laughter that attacks him as he throws his head back, covering his mouth with the palm of his hand under Yoongi's amused eyes.-Oh God, this is too funny!-Excuse me, are you mocking my taste in food? This vending machine is a goldmine, Park Jimin. And I finally can buy stuff from it with actual money, I usually just kick it until something falls down. -Yoongi eyes the snacks -And that damn chocolate bar never fucking falls. I want it. I ache for it.-You're unbelievable.Yoongi shrugs.-You still like me.Jimin's stomach turns into a knot.-Yeah, I do.Yoongi nods.-So, what do you want? Oh! And here's the best part! -Yoongi points the convenience store -We can even buy cheap alcohol.-This truly is a magical place, hyung.  After two hours, way too much chocolate, two sandwiches, four boxes of strawberry Pokis and an undefined number of bottles of beer, the two boys are back at Yoongi's cardboard and they might be just a little tipsy.Maybe a lot tipsy.Jimin is sitting with his back leaning on the wall, and he probably looks like a burrito since he has three blankets tightly put around him. Yoongi made himself clear when he started throwing blankets at him, there is no way that my Jimin will get a cold, no fucking way.On the other hand, Yongi has his head resting on Jimin's lap, four blankets covering him, and he's sighing with a content smile whilst Jimin runs his fingers through Yoongi's green hair.-So cute. -Yoongi coos -Such a cute person.-Who are you talking about?-Obama. I'm talking about you, idiot.Jimin smiles. Now, Yoongi might be, like, really drunk, but Jimin is kind of exaggerating the whole act. He is tipsy, that's for sure, but he's still quite lucid and he intends on taking full advantage of the situation.-Am I?-The cutest. -Yoongi whines -So cute. Precious human being.Jimin giggles at Yoongi's slurred words.-Ah, this courtship is really straightforward, hyung, I'm just a poor maiden, you should not play with my heart in such a manner.Yoongi closes his eyes, lips stretched in an amused smile, teeth showing and Jimin's heart race speeds up almost ridiculously.-If I'd actually start courting you, you'd fall for me in a matter of seconds.
I already did, you absolute fucking oblivious asshole.
-You said you're a Dance major, right?-I sure am.-Dance for me.-No way.-Why?! -Yoongi's eyes snap open -Dance for your hyung! I even bought you dinner!-I'm too drunk to dance! -Jimin lies. He could very well start dancing his whole contemporary routine if he wanted to -But I can show you this.Jimin stands up and Yoongi's head fall on the hard cardboard.-Ouch.-Okay, are you ready?-Go for it.Jimin takes a deep breath before relaxing his body and performing a perfect side split. Yoongi's eyes widen at the sight of Jimin's spread legs, the orange haired boy giggles and he leans forward his torso until he's almost touching the ground with his chest.-Holy shit! -Yoongi weakly claps -It's like you don't have bones!-I'm bendy.-I can see that! Wow. How bendy are you actually?Jimin smirks.-Really bendy.-That's actually fucking hot.Oh.Okay.He can dig hot.He's fine. Totally fine.-Now get back here, I want my pillow. -Yoongi makes grabby hands at him and how the hell is he supposed to say no to him when he's that cute?So Jimin gets back to his spot, Yoongi rests his head on his legs again and he takes Jimin's hand and places it on top of his head, urging Jimin to pet him again. And Jimin, the oh so head over heels in love Jimin, complies.-You said you had news. -Yoongi says.-Oh, yeah. -Jimin coughs and hell, he's nervous now -So, me and Hoseok have a spare room in our flat. It was Tae's room, but then he moved in with Jungkook.-Good for him. -Yoongi says before closing his eyes.-Yeah, well, we wanted to ask you if maybe you'd like to have that room?There's silence, Jimin is pretty sure that the whole district can hear his heart beating so fucking loudly in his chest.-I don't have money to pay the rent. -Yoongi finally says.-We wouldn't ask you for money. That room is just empty and we don't use it, so...-So you want to give a room to me?-Yeah, pretty much.Yoongi sighs.-Why?-Because you sleep on cardboard?-That's fair, I'll give it to you. -Yoongi starts biting at his lips -I don't know. I mean, I have to think about it.-What's there to think about?-I don't want to be a burden to you guys. I'm doing fine, you two probably have a routine and I don't want to disturb you or cause you any trouble.Jimin snorts.You wouldn't bother me, you idiot, I'm so in love with you that your presence alone would be a blessing.They fall in what Jimin considers a comfortable silence, until he notices how stiff Yoongi is now, and that his eyes are open and Yoongi is staring at him like Jimin is holding a whole galaxy in his hands.-What did you just say? -Yoongi whispers and Jimin stops breathing.-Oh fuck. Did I say that out loud?-Yes, you fucking did. But that was because you're drunk, right?Oh, there's no going back from this point.-No, I'd say that even if I were sober. -Jimin manages a smile -I'm definitely in love with you.There are these few moments that feel like a miracle, where Yoongi is just looking at him with those hooded eyes and there is so much love in them. But then Yoongi abruptly stands up and when he looks back at him his eyes are as cold as snow.-Go home, Jimin.-What's wrong?-Go home. I'm not moving in and you're going home. And you'll stop buying me coffee and don't come when I'm working shifts, just... ignore me. Completely.Jimin stays quiet for what feels like a century, holding Yoongi's gaze, trying to break down the wall that the older boy put between them but it doesn't work.So Jimin stands up and gathers his stuff.-There are better ways to reject someone. -he grits.Yoongi is looking at his hands now.-Go home.-Yeah, you already told me.-Hey, you don't get to be pissy about this! -Yoongi snarls -I'm doing you a favor! I'm a fucking mess and you don't want to be with me!-You tell yourself whatever you want, hyung. Have a goodnight.Jimin starts walking away, his limbs feel heavy, his eyes are burning.-Fuck, Jimin! I don't want to break your heart!Jimin spins around.-Well, congratulations, you just fucking did! -he shouts, before leaving Yoongi alone.  Jimin doesn't cry.Not immediately, at least, and he takes some pride in that. He does, however, cry until his chest hurts with each breath he takes the moment he gets back home and it gets to a point where Hoseok wakes up and he's worried sick that Jimin is having a heart attack or something.It's not a heart attack.Jimin always thought of “heartbreak” as a really silly thing. Your heart can't break, it's impossible.But fuck, it hurts so much that maybe it is possible. Maybe his heart really broke. It feels like it's fucking bleeding.-I'm sorry, Minnie. -Hoseok murmurs, holding him and caressing his head -I'm so sorry.  Days kind of blend in. It's pathetic.Jimin learns to avoid looking at Yoongi when he gets to the university, that doesn't mean it hurts any less. He stops going to Jin's coffee shop alltogether, because he's terrified he might see Yoongi there.The worst part is that Jimin can't bring himself to hate Yoongi. Maybe he loves him even harder, if that's even possible.Slowly, he stops crying himself to sleep, he stops taking showers that last two hours and he starts eating decent food again.Slowly, he thinks that maybe his broken heart it's healing, or that at least he managed to put some stiches over the wound.Doesn't mean it hurts any less.  Jimin is buried in his text books, trying to get that essay of that particularly annoying class done. It's hard to focus, his mind keeps floating back to those short moments where Yoongi just looked so fucking happy when Jimin said he loved him, but he forces himself to get back to the inked pages in front of him.-Hey, kid. -Hoseok calls -Stop giving yourself a headache and drink some cocoa. Take a break.-No, I'm...-Take a damn break, Jimin.Jimin looks at Hoseok with a pout.-Don't boss me around when I'm sad.-Well, you're always sad, so...-Wow, thanks. -Jimin stands up from the couch anyway and joins Hoseok at the table where the older boy put two mugs full of hot chocolate and there are even marshmallows floating in there.-Wow, it's really coming down. -Hoseok mutters, looking at the window.-What is? -Jimin asks, taking a sip of the hot drink.-The snow.Jimin hums distractedly, enjoying the warmth of the chocolate and then he freezes.-Wait, snow? It's snowing? -he looks at the window and yes, there's definitely thick snow coming down from the sky.-Hell, kid, how focused were you to miss that?-How long has it been like this?Hoseok shrugs.-Like, four hours? Why are you... -Hoseok pauses and then his face tightens with concern -Oh, shit.Jimin stands up and runs to his room, grabs his jacket and scarf and then he runs out of the flat. He's not even sure he closed the door and, frankly, he doesn't care.Outside there are already several inches of snow covering the street and Jimin wonders if someone can die of worry.It's almost midnight, it's fucking freezing, and Yoongi is out there. Jimin runs so fast he can feel his muscles shouting in pain, the blood pumping hard in his veins and even though it's so cold he's sweating.He's pretty sure he just got to the university breaking some time record and he only runs faster when he sees a heap of snow right next to the gates.Jimin gets on his knees as soon as he's close enough and quickly dustes the snow off until he sees the blankets, that he quickly tear away. Yoongi is there, his skin has the exact color of the snow, and he's not moving.-Yoongi, please wake up. -Jimin shakes him roughly -I need to get you home, please wake up.Slowly, Yoongi opens his eyes.-Jimin?-We need to go, can you get up?-What are you talking about? Hey, what the... -he looks around -Is that snow?-Yoongi, get up! -he knows he sounds desperate, but he doesn't care. Yoongi looks dizzy, and he's probably not even aware of how much he's shaking right now and Jimin has to get him home.So he grabs his arm and yanks him forward, until he has his arm around his shoulder and he manages to bring him to his feet.-I can't... feel my legs. -Yoongi says, words cut by the shaking of his teeth.-I got you, don't worry. -Jimin says so, but he's worrying like a crazy man. He finds in the snow Yoongi's backpack and he takes it, then he starts moving back to his place.Walking whilst basically carrying a shaking Yoongi isn't easy, and it's tiring, but he doesn't care, not when Yoongi looks like he's about to faint on him.When they finally reach Jimin's flat, the boy is out of breath, but thankfully Hoseok is already running down the stairs towards them.-Is he okay? -he asks, before taking Yoongi's free arm and putting it around his shoulder.Jimin nods and the two of them carry Yoongi up the stairs and inside the flat, then in Jimin's room. Yoongi sits on the bed, body visibly shaking, the tips of his fingers crimson red and his eyes worringly glassy.-I'll make him something warm, you take those clothes off of him and give him dry ones. -Hoseok says, before leaving the room.Jimin follows the instructions, quickly removing Yoongi's cold and wet clothes until the boy is just in his boxers briefs, shaking like a fucking leaf.Jimin takes out of his wardrobe the warmest sweater he has and a pair of sweatpants, and immediately puts them on Yoongi, who sighs at the sudden change of temperature. Jimin gently pushes him on his back so that he's laying on the matress, then he lifts Yoongi's legs up on the bed and tucks him in.Yoongi curles up on his side, legs close to his chest and blankets gripped tightly, still shaking as before, if not even harder.-Hey. -Jimin calls -Are you okay?Yoongi looks at him before slowly nodding.-I'll go see if a hot chocolate is ready for you, okay?-No. -Yoongi grits between his teeth -Please.-What do you need?-Cold. Please.-Okay. Okay, don't worry.Jimin takes off his jacket and kicks off his boots before getting under the blankets next to Yoongi, and the older boy immediately tugs at Jimin's shirt to pull him closer.Jimin shivers when Yoongi's body is close to his, because damn if the boy is cold, but he just hugs Yoongi and lets him hide his face on his chest and tangle his legs with his own.Jimin starts caressing Yoongi's damp hair, softly pressing his lips on the older boy's forehead.-You'll be okay, I swear. -he says.Yoongi hums, his eyes fluttering close.-You're warm. -he says, voice low and hoarse, before he falls asleep.Jimin hears Hoseok's footsteps and then the boy is in the room.-Is he okay?-He's still shaking.-It's normal, I think. It's the aftershock. -Hoseok places the mug on Jimin's bedside table -I'll check in later, okay?-Thank you, hyung.Hoseok waves a hand dismissvely.-Don't mention it, Jimin. -Hoseok is about to turn around, but he pauses and looks back at the two boys -What are you going to do?Jimin doesn't answer. There's not much he can do, right? Yoongi doesn't want him, nor does he want his help, the only reason why the older boy is safe now is because of his inability to send away Jimin.-I don't know. -the boy sighs -I just want him to be safe.Hoseok gives him a small smile.-I'll leave you alone and maybe I'll give Jin-hyung a call, inform him of the situation.Hoseok leaves the room, and Jimin holds Yoongi just a little tighter, wondering if it's possible to increase your body temperature just by sheer force of will so that Yoongi will be less cold sooner.And slowly, really slowly, Yoongi's body stops shaking, and his breath evens, his face relaxes and his skin starts getting some color back.-You know I don't want you to love me back, right? -he whispers -I don't need that right now. I just need to know you'll be safe.And then, Jimin allows himself to fall asleep.     
▧
   When Yoongi wakes up he's the warmest he's been in the last few months. He's also awfully comfortable, which is weird considering that cardboard is not comfortable under any circumstance and that Jimin's blankets, no matter how warm they are, don't keep him this hot.That's when he remembers the snow.He opens his eyes and he's met with a sleeping Jimin, his orange hair a complete mess, lips agape and he looks just absolutely beautiful. His sleepy face is quite different from the distressed expression he had the night before and Yoongi decides that this one suits him far better.Yoongi wants to fall back asleep, to enjoy the warmth and security that radiates from Jimin's embrace, but he also realizes he doesn't have any right to want such a thing, not after what he did.He takes a deep breath and the peachy smell of Jimin's shampoo reminds him that he could actually have this. He could have Jimin. Beautiful, kind Jimin that somehow, because of some sort of miracle, cares about him.Jimin stirs a little and opens his eyes, looks at Yoongi and sighs.-Did you know you're ridiculously attractive when your hair is dishevelled? -he asks, his voice just a tiny bit lower than usual.-I'm always ridiculously attractive.-Of course. -Jimin smiles -How are you?-Really warm.-Do you have a fever?-Most likely.Jimin hums.-If you move in I'll play nurse for you.-Really? Is that the best you can do to convince me?-I think that I wouldn't even have to convince you if you'd get your head out of your ass for a second.-Respect your elders.Jimin giggles and that's a sound that could actually inspire him great songs.-Why are you here? -Yoongi asks.-This is my house.-I know, why are you still helping me?Jimin frowns.-What did you expect me to do, leave you dying out in the snow because you don't love me back?Yoongi closes his eyes, he just now realizes that he's been clutching at Jimin's shirt.-I never said I don't love you back.There's a tense silence before Jimin speaks.-Why the hell did you send me away then?-Because you're that kind of person who deserves more than a homeless grump. You... -Yoongi struggles to find words, which is ironic considering that coming up with words is the only thing he's good at -You deserve someone who spoils you, and I can't do that.-That's it?-And I'm a mess.-I know. You're also a jerk.-Fair enough. But, honestly, what did you expect? I've never met kindness in my life, then you show up and you're like a bubble of gentleness and care, and you smell of peaches and when I think about you the first thing that comes to my mind is “shelter”. You arrive and you bring goodness with you so for me it's almost impossible to believe you can actually love me.-But I do.-Yeah, and that's scary as fuck. I'll fuck it up. I always fuck it up and I don't want to do it with you as well.Jimin hums, his fingers grazing the top of Yoongi's head.-You know, hyung, that's a really shit excuse.Yoongi rolls his eyes.-I'm being serious here, Jiminie.-Me too.-You don't get it! -Yoongi says, snapping his eyes open, cursing himself mentally because he really doesn't want to get upset or shout at Jimin. Fuck, he never wants to shout at Jimin, never -This is scary for me! The thought of fucking something up with you scares the crap out of me!Jimin locks his eyes with Yoongi and, for the first time since Yoongi met him, Jimin looks vulnerable.-Why is it scary?-I don't know.-You do. You just don't know how to say it, so find your own words and tell me.Yoongi sighs, completely defeated and he realizes that he's never had a chance of winning against Jimin.-You know that there are only three things I love, right?-Music, coffee and dick, as you so gracefully told me.-Music is always first, right?-Right.Yoongi crawls up on the bed a bit more, just so that he can touch Jimin's forehead with his own.-It scares me because music is not my first everything anymore.Jimin smiles, his eyes turning into crescents, it's still the most breathtaking view Yoongi has ever witnessed.-I love you too, Yoongi.     Yoongi allows himself to be loved by Jimin, and this is what he gets in return:-a room to sleep in (except that he sleeps in Jimin's and Hoseok is just done with the entire deal and wants to move out as quick as possible);-a shelter;-a group of friends made out of completely insane people (and really Jungkook? Did you actually buy a puppy for Taehyung are you insane? And no, Tae, you can't bring the puppy to the coffee shop!);-kisses. At every given moment. Really, it's unbelievable and a little overwhelming, but he loves it anyway;-new notebooks that he can buy with his own money;-cuddles, because Jimin is needy and always in the mood for cuddles and Yoongi will be a grump about it only for five minutes;-warmth;-safety;-kindness;-happiness. And he really never thought he would have that. Derek hears Stiles before he sees him, mostly because Stiles hasn't yet learned how to enter The Halemouth without half falling through the door. He doesn't let himself look up, instead surreptitiously taking down a mug from the shelf and adding a few pumps of hazelnut syrup. It's absolutely because it's the closest thing to hand and not because Stiles always moans a little bit around his first sip if Derek puts hazelnut in it."Dude!" Stiles says, and Derek looks up to find Stiles practically vibrating at the counter in front of him. "You gotta tell me about werewolf mating rituals!"Derek fumbles hooking the portafilter, because Jesus. "What?"Stiles uses his old, beaten laptop as an arm rest as he leans across the counter. Derek would feel sorry for the thing, but he knows it's been through worse. Stiles wrote his first best-seller on that antique and it's chugged on ever since. "Mating rituals," Stiles says giddily, like he didn't fry Derek's brain with it the first time. "I need it for the ending of the Roth Trilogy."Derek leans over to grab a fresh bottle of milk from the fridge and when he straightens up, Stiles' cheeks are a distracting pink. Derek feels mildly satisfied that talking about fucking mating rituals seems to affect him like a normal human being.Stiles clears his throat. "But yeah – I've decided Leon and August are gonna have to go undercover as a mated pair and-""Leon and August?" Derek says before he can stop himself, twisting the cap off the jug. "Really?"Stiles grins. "Fuck yes, really – I've been planning this shit since halfway through book one," he says, and Derek has to swallow a little hard because that's around the same time he'd started picturing Stiles' two main characters as him and Stiles. "Speaking of," Stiles says. "Is knotting a thing?"Derek sloshes the milk everywhere.Stiles started coming to The Halemouth three years ago, back when he was an aspiring writer with a brand-new laptop and the Hales were mostly known for being the only established Pack in Northern California. These days, they're also known as the makers of the best espresso in Beacon Hills, which Derek feels rightly proud of considering he snarls at anyone who comes near the espresso machine without a thorough knowledge of the benefits of a conical burr over blade grinders.But anyway, Stiles. Stiles had tripped through the door at speed only to stare up at the menu for a solid ten minutes like it was written in goddamn latin or something. Derek, while known for his fucking excellent coffee, was not known for his patience. Still isn't. And so he thinks he deserves a medal for waiting as long as he had to snarl at Stiles to get on with it.What he hadn't expected was for Stiles to flail so hard he'd actually fallen over, right there in front of the counter. Derek had leaned over to make sure he wasn't dead only to be met with one of the biggest grins he'd ever seen in his life. And he lived with Laura."Holy shit, you're Derek Hale," Stiles had said, like Derek was the second coming or something. "Dude, I have like, a million questions for you!"Which is how Derek had found himself the unofficial go-to for Stiles' werewolf research.Derek turns the mug gently as he pours, slowing towards the lip so he can start the design. He'll never tell anyone, but this is probably his favourite part of the job - pouring little pictures into each cup, making sure each one's unique to the customer.Speaking of, he's going to have to start researching new snake designs now that Jackson's stepped up his caffeine intake.Derek smirks to himself as he finishes up the cup before calling over his shoulder, "I'm on break!""Roger!" Erica calls back and Derek rolls his eyes. The girl's lucky she can make an macchiato with her eyes closed.Snagging his own, less decorative cup, Derek makes his way over to Stiles' seat. It's in the back, near the kitchen, and is probably the loudest part of the cafe. Stiles says the noise helps him focus and Derek doesn't argue because with him there, Derek has excuses to brush by and watch him type whenever he needs anything from the store room. Like syrup. Can never have too much syrup out front. Even if Laura does huff at him about overstocking.Derek slides the mug over to Stiles before falling into the seat across from him. Eight hour shifts are a bitch.Stiles doesn't look up, obviously on a roll and Derek takes the opportunity to just watch. He came to terms with the fact Stiles' fingers are his fucking kryptonite a long time ago, but it doesn't make watching him type any less affecting. Derek is painfully aware that grown men aren't supposed to fantasize about being keyboards as much as he fucking does.Stiles hums slightly, tipping his head at his screen before hitting control-S and shutting the laptop. Derek shifts and hopes he's not as red as he feels."Agh!" Stiles says, dragging his cup towards him. "You are the wind beneath my fucking wings, man."Derek tries and fails not to appreciate the delighted noise Stiles makes upon sighting the foam. "You always make me feel like an ass for drinking these things," Stiles says, grabbing at his phone to take a snap of Derek's latest creation. Derek is fully aware of how pathetic it makes him that Stiles taking a photo of a latte art dragon is the highlight of his day.
"So." Derek clears his throat. "Mating rituals?"

Stiles fucking lights up, and it's ridiculous how badly Derek wishes this conversation could be a tactile learning experience. "Yes!" Stiles sips at his latte and groans like Derek's killed him, eyes fluttering shut. "Fuck yes," he breathes and Derek has to look away, because Jesus Christ...

"What's this one?" Stiles asks. Derek's been making Stiles random concoctions for years. Ever since Stiles admitted to ordering things at random off the menu and hating fifty percent of them. He's never hated anything Derek's made.

Derek shrugs. "I made it up," he says. "It's got hazelnut in it."

"It tastes like an orgasm," Stiles says, licking foam off his top lip and Derek thanks the fucking universe that there's a table between them.

"Mating rituals?" he says, hoping he doesn't sound as desperate as he feels.

"Oh!" Stiles says, putting his cup down to reopen his laptop. "Yeah, I've been researching and I wanted to run some stuff by you."

Derek slouches in his chair and sips his own latte as he watches Stiles pull up his notes. "So! Okay," Stiles says. "I've been reading up on all these, like, ritual things, only it seems like there are about ten million of them or something."

Derek snorts. As far as the world has come since the big supernatural creature-feature reveal, mainstream media still has a long way to go when it comes to accurate, freely available information. Stiles' face when Derek had first told him that Google is not, in fact, his friend when it comes to werewolves had been priceless. "There are about ten million because there are ten million," Derek says. "Mating rituals are less rituals and more...instinct."

Stiles taps his fingers against his coffee cup. It's almost more distracting than his typing. "Soooo, every pair is different," he says, and Derek can practically see him turning the information over in his head. "Because every werewolf is different?"

Derek nods. "It's about proving to a potential mate that you can provide for them," Derek says. "You demonstrate any skills that you have."

"You show off like a kid at the third grade science fair, is what you're saying," Stiles says, and Derek kicks him under the table. He realises a second too late that it's something a third-grader would actually do and Stiles must too because he's laughing so hard he has to put his coffee down.

Derek can't even pretend he's not staring, because Stiles laughs with his whole body and it's not fucking fair at all.

"So, like," Stiles says a few moments later, once he's calmed down. "A mechanic might fix up someone's car or something?" 

Derek hums around his coffee. 

"Huh," Stiles says, and Derek really should have learned to recognise that tone by now. "What would a barista do?"

The coffee cup in Derek's hand freezes halfway to his mouth as he snaps his eyes up to Stiles'. Because, oh fuck. Oh fucking FUCK. How had he not... He didn't... Jesus Christ-

He's glanced down at the cup in front of Stiles before he can think to stop himself and he knows the second he flicks his eyes back up and Stiles' mouth just drops right the fuck open that he's totally fucking screwed.

"Holy crap," Stiles breathes. 

Derek's scrapes his chair back so violently he's probably scoured grooves in the floor. "I've gotta-"

"Derek-"

"I'm off break," Derek says, even though he's got another fifteen goddamn minutes and Stiles knows it but fucking hell. 

Derek slams into the back room and thanks the fucking heavens there's no one to snarl at for privacy because if he's going to have a fucking mental breakdown, he'd rather it go unwitnessed. 

Derek leans against the stock shelving and tries to breathe because oh my god, this isn't happening. 
People do not engage in fucking mating rituals without realising what they're doing. That's stupid. He's stupid. Fucking hell, he's been courting Stiles! With coffee! Who does that? Failing that, who expects that to work?

Derek bangs his head once against the shelves, making the syrup bottles clatter loud enough he almost misses the sound of the door opening. "Fuck off," he snarls.

"Yeah, nope," Stiles says, and fuck-

Derek sighs, because there's only one person who would have let Stiles back here. "I'm going to kill Laura," he says.

Stiles snorts and Derek hears him shift closer. "Have you seriously been been peacocking me with your leet coffee making skillz?" Stiles says, and Derek wants to bury himself in the bags of coffee beans in the corner. "Because I gotta say, dude, you had me at latte Batman."

Derek blinks. 
When he turns it's to find Stiles just- okay, yeah, that's really close and- and something else, something really not important right now because Stiles' mouth is on his and they're kissing – this is what a kiss is and-

Stiles groans and Derek's brain switches gear. He turns them, pressing Stiles back into the shelves, which really can't be at all comfortable, but fuck it, Stiles doesn't seem to be minding. Stiles is doing the opposite of minding, actually, which is to say Stiles is hooking one leg around Derek's hip and making painfully hot noises as Derek licks hard into his mouth.

"Oh holy fuck," Stiles breathes when Derek breaks the kiss to get at his neck because he's been wanting his mouth on Stiles' throat for years. "You fucking asshole," Stiles groans. "I've wanted you forever and you never said- ah!"

Derek sucks harder, feeling a growl rumble out of him when Stiles bucks and swears, clawing at his shoulders before threading his fingers — oh fuck, his fingers — through Derek's hair. "Oh god," Stiles shudders. "Don't you dare stop."

"Wow – no, yeah – stop," a voice says loudly and Derek has just enough breath left in him to groan as he buries his face in Stiles' neck.

"Heeeeey Laura," Stiles says, and Derek probably shouldn't feel as smug as he does about how breathless he sounds.

Laura sighs. "As much as I'm really happy you've both pulled your heads out of your asses," she says. "Could you maybe not commit a health violation all over the merchandise?"

Derek licks a stripe across Stiles' collar bone and Stiles squeaks really satisfyingly. 

"I'm taking the afternoon off," Derek says, not turning around. His family's tight-knit and all, but Derek does not need Laura seeing just how close he'd actually been to getting off in their family business' store room.

Laura snorts. "I figured."

"He's taking tomorrow, too," Stiles says suddenly. When Derek leans back to blink at him, 
Stiles shrugs. "You made me latte art Batman, dude. I'm gonna need to blow you at least five times for that 
alone
."

Derek hears Laura make a wounded noise behind him and slam out the door, but he's too busy hiking Stiles up the shelving again to care.

He's gotta work on his Spiderman.
Derek throws another batch of dough onto the counter, sending up a flurry of flour into the air as he starts to knead it. This will be a chocolate braid, he thinks as he works the soft surface, feeling the give. It’ll be a good way to use up that batch of ganache he whipped up earlier, but he’s not feeling truffles anymore. It has zero to do with the fact that a certain someone may have moaned about his desire for sugary carbs when he walked in this morning, not at all.“Mmm, yeah, work that bread,” calls a voice from the corner.Derek looks up and sees Stiles in his corner as usual, laptop open, a half-empty cup of coffee from the Starbucks down the street sitting in front of him, and crumbs from his morning pastry on his plate. He has sugar crystals dusted on his lip, Derek notices, and promptly looks back down at his work surface before he starts blushing or something.“And how many words do you have now?” Derek asks lightly, as Stiles leans back in his chair.“Three thousand, five hundred and eighty four,” Stiles says, grinning at him.“That’s only about a hundred more than you had an hour ago, when I was making the brioche,” Derek says, shaking his head.“Hey!” Stiles scowls. “Those were a beautiful hundred words.”The novelist is the only one in Derek’s bakery at the moment-- it’s the lull after the morning rush and before people start trickling in around lunchtime.“Mmhm,” Derek says, dipping a brush into the chocolate and painting thick stripes down the dough, then starts carefully separating the dough into segments, braiding the pieces together. It isn’t until he finishes when he realizes Stiles has gotten up from his seat and is now avidly watching him from behind the counter.“Wow,” Stiles says, glancing at the finished braid. Derek brushes a quick gloss of egg white to finish it off, and then turns around to open the oven door.The heavenly smell of the caramel-almond braid wafts into the bakery, Stiles exhales in anticipation as Derek finishes taking out the finished one and sets the new one to bake. Derek feels a warm surge of pride as he watches Stiles’ eyes dilate.Stiles eyes the caramel-almond braid with intent, watching it cool.“Don’t say it,” Derek says.“Please,” Stiles counters, and he pouts a little.“It’s hot,” Derek protests, even though he knows it doesn’t matter. Stiles is already bouncing excitedly, bright eyes looking up at him, and Derek can’t say no.Derek rips off a chunk of the caramel-almond braid and Stiles opens his mouth automatically. Derek blows on it, because he knows Stiles will forget, and gently places it on Stiles’ tongue. Watching Stiles close his eyes, his lips just grazing Derek’s fingers, that groan of ecstasy-- it’s all worth it. Derek is gonna have to chop up the finished bread piece and offer it up as samples now instead of selling it whole, but … yeah. It’s fine. This only happens about once every few days.Stiles had walked in to Derek’s life one rainy day, dripping wet all over his floor and stared openly at Derek pulling out a fresh batch of lava cakes, and said to Derek, “Please just put it in my mouth.”It had taken Derek a few seconds of looking away from Stiles’ pink lips to actually ring him up and give him the cake, and then some discreet adjusting of his apron to disguise the effect Stiles’ very vocal enjoyment of the cake had on him.Stiles came back the next day with his laptop, wrote on and off for a few hours. When he wasn’t talking to Derek, throwing his arms up excitedly, words flying out of his mouth a mile a minute, he was buying every pastry and trying every cake. Since then, Stiles has been a regular staple in Derek’s life -- apparently he can only get work done at the bakery, despite (or maybe because of) its lack of wifi and coffee (which Stiles buys for himself and Derek, anyways). For the last three months, Stiles has been splurging on Derek’s croissants and cakes and danishes and cookies, trying each and every batch, offering Derek colorful commentary as Derek bakes, and generally keeping him company.Derek regrets not asking him out when he first started coming to bakery-- now Stiles is a regular, and it’d be weird. They’re friends now. Besides, the over-the-top moaning and the innuendo constantly coming from him, that’s not really flirting, that’s like, something you do with your friends because there’s no way they’d take you seriously.Stiles licks his lips, sighing happily. Derek plates a good chunk of the bread and hands it to him, waving back at Stiles’ table in the corner. “Go finish your chapter,” Derek says.“You’re the best,” Stiles says gratefully.Derek tries not to watch his butt as he goes back to his table.Today’s a good bread day; Derek finishes a few more braided rolls while listening to the tap tap tap of Stiles’ keyboard. He cleans up a little, helps a few customers that trickle in. The bakery isn’t a busy place; most of the goods go to restaurants in the area that order Derek’s specialties, or to private clients who order the cakes ahead of time. Derek doesn’t bother advertising the store front; Laura’s always telling him he could double his profits if he moved to a better location, hired a few employees and people would be lining up out the door everyday.Derek doesn’t want that. He’s happy where he is; most of his money comes from the elaborate wedding cakes that give him the luxury of baking whatever else he wants.Speaking of weddings, there’s a couple scheduled to come in today for a tasting. Derek’s glad he remembered on time, otherwise he would have gotten distracted baking more things and getting Stiles to sample them. Derek starts wiping down the counters and then changes into a clean apron, and heads into the back room to pull out the cake samples from the fridge.“Oooh, what’s all this?” Stiles says, eyes lighting up when he sees Derek with the tray.“Focus on your work,” Derek says. “You said your goal was five thousand words today, right? I’ve got a piece of cake with your name on it if you finish.”Stiles cracks his knuckles and gives Derek a jaunty salute. “You got it,” he says, and goes back to typing.Derek drapes a tablecloth over the back table in preparation for the tasting session, and writes in his best handwriting, Welcome Rosalie and Devon. Derek’s actually been emailing back and forth with Rosalie for a month or so, she’s been really nice about offering ideas for cake designs and working with Derek on a custom cake topper. She even commented on one of the custom cakes Derek had on his website-- the one he made for Bisexuality Visibility Day. She’d asked if Derek was bi, and yes, he was, and then she’d asked if he knew of any resources for her little brother, who recently came out. Derek liked Rosalie well enough, she was a friend of Laura’s, so he was happy to give the guy any advice he could.Rosalie is just as bright and bubbly as she is in her emails, and she and Devon arrive in the bakery, oohing and aahing at the current displays. They’ve brought a few other people with them, both sets of parents, the best man, two bridesmaids. Derek introduces himself and starts them out with the vanilla variations, listening to their thoughts.“This is amazing,” the best man-- a Jacob? Josh? something says, smiling at Derek.“Thanks,” Derek says. “I only use the freshest ingredients, and I make all the frosting myself.”“Mmm, and it is delicious,” the guy says, dabbing his finger into a fresh slice of cake and licking the frosting off his finger.Rosalie giggles, elbowing him. “Jake,” she says, admonishing him.“What? Your baker’s hot and nice,” Jake says, winking at Derek. Oh, Jake, Rosalie’s younger brother. Oh no. Is this a … crush?“I, ah... here are the chocolate options,” Derek says, trying not to reveal his uncomfortableness, nudging the plates of samples towards them.Jake keeps trying to make eye contact with Derek, and Derek’s trying his best to be vague and polite. Derek can’t afford to lose this contract by doing what he normally does with unwanted attention-- which is to be rude and brush them off-- so he just kind of awkwardly ignores it.Which only seems to encourage Jake.Derek grits his teeth and keeps bringing out more samples, concentrating on getting through this cake tasting, reminding himself that it’s about to get into slow season for weddings and he’d have to do something drastic, like move the store, if he doesn’t book this couple.Finally Rosalie and Devon agree on the lemon pound cake with the vanilla bean buttercream frosting, and Derek endures some awkward flirting from Jake while he hands over the final version of the contract for them to sign.“I don’t have a date yet for the wedding,” Jake blurts out. “And we’d invite you anyways, since you’re doing the cake, but would you like to--”“I have a boyfriend,” Derek says quickly. His eyes automatically drift to Stiles, still typing away in his corner. Stiles looks up, as if on cue, and smiles warmly at Derek, holding up his pastry and mouthing, “I LOVE THIS,” at Derek.“Oh my God,” Rosalie says, smacking Jake on the arm. “I can’t believe you were flirting with Derek this whole time! In front of his boyfriend, no less,” she whispers fiercely.Jake looks extremely embarrassed. “I’m really sorry, wow, you were just being professional and courteous, and you were just so nice in your emails and then I met you and you were hot and I hit on you at your work, I just--”“It’s fine,” Derek says, looking in relief when Devon finishes signing off on the contract with a flourish. They push the paperwork across the table along with a check for the deposit, and Derek stands up to shake everyone’s hands. “Thank you so much, congratulations again, looking forward to making this for you.”Derek walks them to the door, and Stiles chooses that moment to stand up from his seat and stretch. He grins at the couple and the group warmly, waggles his eyebrows at everyone and “How’s the cake? Was it difficult choosing just one, because I know Derek makes only the best,” he says proudly.“What a charming young man,” Rosalie’s mother says, and she actually leans forward and pinches Stiles’ cheek, making him blush.And then there are introductions, and Stiles doesn’t even seem confused, just goes along with it, shaking everyone’s hands warmly and even goes and grabs the plate of the sample caramel-almond braid and offers it to everyone.“It’s so nice to meet you, Stiles,” Rosalie says warmly. “Derek, your boyfriend is so cute, I hope to see you both at the wedding.”“Oh my gosh!” Stiles exclaims, his mouth falling open, and he gives Derek a delighted look. “Thank you so much for the invite! See you there!” he says excitedly.Derek is just grateful Stiles is playing along and finally everyone is out the door, and the bakery is empty except the two of them again. Stiles grins broadly at Derek, tilting his head curiously. “So. Boyfriend. That’s new,” he says, stepping closer.“I--”“I always figured we were taking it slow, you know, but you have no idea how happy I am to hear you finally acknowledge it, I mean I kept running it over in my head, are we together? Are we not together? I bring you coffee all the time, you feed me all the time, we flirt constantly, and sure, moving at a glacial pace on the kissing front, but I totally accept that--”Derek just stares at him, trying to process the information that Stiles likes him. He wants to date him, he totally thinks Derek calling him his boyfriend is an amazing thing--“...and from the look on your face I’m guessing you weren’t serious,” Stiles says, face falling. “Let me guess, you told them I was your boyfriend to get that guy making the googly eyes at you to stop.”“No,” Derek says, finding his voice. “I, um, I said I was dating someone. And they assumed it was you, because I was looking at you. And because I want to. Date you, that is. I just thought I missed the chance and then we were friends and you kept doing this flirty thing that I thought was joking…”Stiles blinks. “I practically fellated your finger that one time you fed me that tiramisu, Derek!”Derek turns bright red. “You’re very enthusiastic about your food,” he mumbles.Stiles jumps forward, flinging his arms around Derek and surprising him with a hot, furious kiss. Derek barely manages to catch him as Stiles wraps his legs around his waist. The kiss is a whirlwind and every bit as amazing as Derek thought it would be.“Oh my God, you can totally pick me up,” Stiles says appreciatively when they finally break apart for air.“Yeah,” Derek says, a little dazed.“I knew your competent baker’s arms were strong,” Stiles says when Derek sets him down and pats Derek’s forearms. He then winks at Derek and flips the sign hanging from the door to Closed.Stiles steps toward Derek again, grabbing him by the apron and tugging him closer.“Did you finish your chapter?” Derek asks when Stiles leans in for another kiss.Stiles shrugs. “I can do that tomorrow.”“I’m a good boyfriend and I am supportive of your career,” Derek says with a small smile. “I have a few more things to do before I can close up shop, and then we can go get dinner or something.”“Derek, I’ve been waiting months to finally be able to--”Derek kisses him, soft and slow, and Stiles sighs into the kiss, and then Derek pulls back, and holds Stiles firmly by the shoulders. “We have plenty of time. You, on the other hand, have been complaining for a week about how stressed you were for this manuscript deadline. Work.”Stiles plops down into his chair and starts typing furiously, and Derek smiles, proud of himself. And of Stiles, too.Derek heads into the backroom so he can start the day’s inventory, and he can still hear Stiles typing away.Derek almost drops his clipboard when Stiles yells out,  “IF I FINISH MY NOVEL TONIGHT ARE WE GONNA BANG, IS THAT WHAT YOU’RE SAYING, DEREK?" 
 
  “Here again? Don't you have any other friends besides me?” Jungkook carefully slides his five-thousand won bill on the counter, but Seokjin (the handsome, motherly, yet awkward café owner that was as close to a friend Jungkook could have) just clicked his tongue in response, slamming a hand on the bill and pushing it back towards Jungkook. Jungkook blinked up at him, trying to push it back, but Seokjin shook his head. “One of my employees actually asked if you were my son or—God forbid—my boyfriend since you are literally here everyday, so no, I'm not taking your money, Jungkook. Keep it.” It wasn't entirely true, Jungkook thinks. He wasn't at the café everyday—just three times a week, no biggie. It was kind of his healing center from a grueling day at school, and his sanctuary from his rowdy roommate who sang and danced to girl group songs all day long. After countless hours of academic and social torture, the café’s warm brown interior and soft couches, and not to mention Seokjin's amazing coffee brews, were Jungkook's favorite things to come back to, and also, drawing. Drawing was one of the only ways Jungkook could actually relieve his stress, and also, express his thoughts. Contrary to Seokjin's belief, Jungkook has friends, but they bonded together mainly because they were all from the art department, and at one point Jungkook needed to interact with them. It’s not that he was asocial—he was just shy, really, and for him to make friends, it had to be initiated on their side, not his. So, over time, Jungkook has turned to drawing to express whatever he couldn't with words. Seokjin knew this (mainly because Jungkook kept on leaving papers of his doodles behind in the café when he was hurrying somewhere else), so the café owner had taken it upon himself to convert one wall of the café into a large bulletin board for everyone to freely vandalize (and so they could also coo and be in awe of Jungkook's skills). Jungkook had one corner on it specifically meant for him, and he didn't know whether to feel proud or sad that there was already an alarming amount of post-it notes on it. “Here's your coffee. It's my treat.” Seokjin carefully pushed a mug towards him, and Jungkook gave him a shy smile along with a “thank you, hyung”, taking care to sit a little closer to the counter in case Seokjin wanted to talk to someone. The hours passed by in a blur as Jungkook immersed himself in home works and redundant rounds of him refreshing his boring Twitter feed. The café doorbells chimed softly, and Jungkook looked up. The sunset beamed softly through the blinds, dust moats floating in the air without a single care, and the brown café interior suddenly looked exceptionally breathtaking in that moment. Jungkook quickly grabbed one of his post-it notes set, the slightly larger one, and started sketching the picture that had taken his breath away. It captured the warm feeling that the café always gave him, and it was also sort of like a thank you gift to Seokjin who always gave him extra whipped cream and chocolate sprinkles on his Frappuccino, who always reserved the best seats for him, and always had a smile to give him. After softly adding the last finishing strokes on his quick sketch of the café, Jungkook shoved his stuff into his bag and slung it over his shoulder. He pulled up his hood, weaved through the tables to reach the bulletin board, and carefully tacked his latest sketch over his previous ones. He pulled out a pen, and with a small grin, signed his sketch. 
You're the best, hyung! -JK
   “I don't do cafés, Jimin, I don’t like coffee.” Jimin threw him a look before tugging on his arm harder, taking shelter under a café awning. The rain poured heavily, a predictable surprise every time spring rolled in. Taehyung shook his hair dry, spraying Jimin's face and earning him a punch on the arm. “I don't care, dumbass. You dragged me out on one of my rare days off, made me cancel a long-awaited date with Yoongi-hyung, and forced me to run in the rain, all because you wanted to marathon Ghibli films, calling it an emergency. A fucking emergency,” Jimin hissed, slipping out of his jacket and wringing it dry, before slapping it hard against Taehyung for good measure. Taehyung whined, pawing at Jimin's arm. “But I can't finish Spirited Away alone! It makes me sad, and I want to know how it ends, so if you're there, you can stop me from ejecting the disc—” Jimin made a move to strangle Taehyung, but held himself back. “You're lucky I love you. If I didn't, your needy ass would have already been in a ditch from the moment we met.” Taehyung grinned lovingly at him, and Jimin finally sighed in defeat, pushing Taehyung away half-heartedly. Jimin led the way into the café, mumbling about getting sick and damp sticky clothes, and Taehyung followed him in. Taehyung wasn't a fan of coffee. He found them bitter and boring, so he never felt the need to go into a café. He never understood his batch mates' heavy dependence on the beverage. The only times he ever went near coffee was when Jimin would force him to accompany him when he went out to buy Yoongi his daily dose of caffeine. However, Taehyung could appreciate good things. For example, this particular café. The name and banner was bad (Café Peach, with a badly altered Princess Peach holding a teacup), but the interior was amazing. The brick walls gave everything a homely vibe, and the plush quilted couches complemented it nicely. The aroma of coffee lying thick in the air made everything infinitely better. As Jimin headed to the counter to ask for towels because the rain had caught them by surprise, Taehyung looked around, noticing only a few students. It was still early for classes, so he figured it was normal. He noticed a large bulletin board at the far wall, and Taehyung started approaching it. It was a freedom wall, and Taehyung instantly loved it. He loved reading freedom walls because all sorts of things appeared there—confessions, jokes, drama, lewd things, weird things—everything went. He inspected the board inch by inch, chuckling to himself at some things. At the same moment Jimin threw a towel at him, Taehyung stopped at something, his breath catching in his throat. “Hey, bro, you okay?” Jimin asked, tapping him on the shoulder. “Do you know someone named JK?” “…like, Tiger JK?” Taehyung gestured at the upper right corner of the bulletin board, and Jimin squinted at it, looking at every post-it note tacked onto the wall. Every single note held scratchy yet skilled sketches of varying subjects—mugs, random café goers, the café interior, caricatures of other students and professors, the owner, shoes and hands (probably the artist's), abstract images—and each note was only signed mysteriously with JK. Jimin was silently humming in approval, but shook his head quickly at Taehyung. “Nope. Sorry. These are good, though.” He gestured at the towel hanging from Taehyung's shoulder. “Dry yourself, you'll get sick.” “I'm good, only idiots get sick. Do you have a pen and paper?” Taehyung kept on staring at the sketches, completely awestruck because they were that good. “You are an idiot, so dry yourself. And what do you need a pen and paper for?” Jimin reached for the towel and started rubbing aggressively on Taehyung's hair, mumbling about how high maintenance Taehyung was. “I'm taking math as a major, I'm not an idiot—probably a masochist with an alarmingly low sense of self preservation—but not an idiot. And I need a pen and paper because I want to meet the artist!” Taehyung whined when Jimin slapped him with the towel. “Meet the artist?! This isn't even a campus café! You can't be serious, Tae. This is such a clichéd kidnapping scenario. How old are you again?” Jimin rolled the towel into a ball, throwing it at Taehyung's face and earning a scowl. “I'm twenty two. And I just want to meet him here in the café, pay my respects because as a person who appreciates beauty, I recognize it when I see one.” Taehyung pushed past Jimin to head to the counter. Jimin rolled his eyes as he followed behind, already giving in but still feeling like arguing. “Him? Oh God, you already have an imaginary artist in mind. Taehyung, this isn't one of your romantic comedy anime where no one is shady and has shit for personality.” Taehyung ignored Jimin, and quickly asked for a pen and paper from the owner (who gave him a funny look as he hurried back to the board), and Jimin hovered over his shoulder, squinting at what he was writing. Jimin gave out a short grunt of disapproval as Taehyung finished with a smiley, carefully tacking his note beside a sketch of the café interior. “You're giving him free bingsu and information on your free days? Why don't you give out your number, too, while you're at it.” Taehyung frowned at him, patting his note protectively. “Hey, I'm not stupid. That's not safe.” “I was being sarcastic,” Jimin deadpanned, and Taehyung pouted. “Where is my lovable fluffy Jimin? What has Yoongi-hyung done to you?” Taehyung dramatically latched on to him, and Jimin finally laughed, pushing him away. They headed out of the café, properly returning the towels and politely thanking the owner (Jimin bought some latte for himself, and Taehyung stole sips from it). Taehyung took one last glance at his note—a small innocent white piece of paper in a sea of yellow post-it notes—and smiled at it. These are awesome, JK! <3 For blessing this bleak world with your artistic skills, I'd like to treat you to some bingsu here in the café!!! I'm free every Monday and Tuesday, until lunch. <3 Let's meet? :) -T   Jungkook could feel his ears turning red. It wasn't unusual for him to receive love letters and confessions from admirers (he knew he looked good, and with him always being alone, he had that air of mystery to him, too), but no matter how frequent he gets them, he still didn't know how to react every time. Seokjin was snickering from the counter as the older man obnoxiously leaned over it, eyeing Jungkook. Jungkook glared at him weakly, and Seokjin raised his hands in defeat, lips bitten to stop himself from smiling. Jungkook, with his cheeks turning red, turned back to the bulletin board—to The Note. It had hearts, and a smiley, so that meant something. Whoever wrote it was clearly interested, in what, Jungkook doesn't know (he does, really, but refuses to entertain the thought), but the interest was obvious. Jungkook flopped on the overstuffed quilted couch near the bulletin board, staring at the contrasting piece of white paper in his sea of yellow notes. Something about the stranger's written praises was different. It gave off a feeling of honesty, and though he may receive constant praises from his professors and classmates, hearing a total stranger give him compliments genuinely was different. Jungkook would be lying if he said he didn't like it. “Sooo…you going to meet him, then? I'll give you discounts on the bingsu.” Seokjin was suddenly beside him, and Jungkook jumped out of his seat. “Hyung! Don't scare me like that!” He glared at Seokjin, who only laughed and perched himself comfortably on the arm of the chair, smiling at the note. “This is nice. I saw him. He looked nice, too.” Seokjin actually winked at him, and Jungkook groaned, pushing him off the chair. “That's not helping, jeez. I'm not going to meet him, anyway, so it doesn't matter.” Jungkook started pulling out his books from his bag, content on ignoring the nagging feeling in the back of his head to reply to the note until the nagging feeling turned into something physical in the form of Seokjin pinching him on the arm. “Wha—hyung, that hurts!” Jungkook pulled his arm away, rubbing at the offended spot. Seokjin jabbed a finger at the note, face the perfect picture of disappointment and betrayal. “Jeon Jungkook, you reply to that note right now!” Jungkook shook his head adamantly, staring at the note warily, pushing down the warm feeling it gave him. He didn't want to reply mainly because he couldn't. He didn't know how to initiate acts of friendliness, and he didn't want to disappoint the nice stranger by showing him how incredibly awkward he was. The stranger seemed nice and friendly, and Jungkook was anything but. Seokjin stomped a foot, garnering everyone's attention in the café, and Jungkook has to physically hold the older man's knee down to stop him from stomping petulantly like a child. “If you don't reply to that note, your son café privileges will be revoked,” Seokjin quipped in annoyance, crossing his arms over his chest and pushing himself up off the chair. Jungkook cocked an eyebrow. “Son privileges?” Seokjin's eyes glinted under the café lights, and Jungkook gulped visibly at how mischievous it looked. “Half-priced drinks, and free bingsu and cake. Anytime.” Jungkook’s eyes widened, hands automatically grabbing for his pen and post-it notes from the black hole in his bag. Seokjin grinned smugly at him, sauntering off back to the counter and humming gleefully, occasionally looking at Jungkook and winking. Jungkook pouted, but looked down weakly at the items in his hands, then at the note. He didn't need to meet the stranger, if he was going to be technical about it. Their free days clashed, anyways, and Jungkook didn't know if he should be happy about it or not. Either way, replying to the note (with a quickly drawn mini Jungkook on the side) surprisingly left a happy little vibe in his insides Thank you :) I'm here Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays. JK   Taehyung had to be held down physically by Jimin and Yoongi when they went back to the café a week after (since Yoongi absolutely loved Jimin’s latte and wanted to find out how their black coffee tasted). Jimin and Yoongi did their best to literally keep a grip on Taehyung, but Taehyung was ecstatic. “Look! He replied! And he's cute!” Taehyung squealed, flailing wildly as he pointed at the cute mini drawing on the note tacked neatly beside Taehyung's note. “Everyone ends up drawing good-looking versions of themselves, Taehyung, calm the fuck down.” Yoongi pulled on his sleeve, but Taehyung actually whined in response, pressing a finger on the note. “Yeah, man, what makes you think he’s an A+ hottie? What if he's actually an old geezer who’s just the real owner of this café? That'd explain the large portion of JK post-its on the café’s freedom wall—because it belongs to the old geezer.” Jimin gave up on reeling Taehyung back, slumping back on the couch and gesturing for Yoongi to do the same. Taehyung scowled at them, leaning against Jimin's chair. His eyes raked over every sketch, and he doesn't know how, but he just knows that this JK person isn't an old geezer fishing for compliments. Pulling out a pink post-it (he actually bought a new set for this purpose only, at which Jimin had judged him so hard for), he quickly wrote a reply, also doodling a little version of himself sending out tiny finger hearts. It wasn't as awesome as JK's, but Taehyung was proud of it. Jimin laughed at his doodle, but Taehyung still loved his doodle nonetheless. He made sure to tack the note text to JK's, smiling as he did so. Aw, our days don’t match :( :( :( that's too bad, JK :( i was so looking forward to that bingsu date :( -T   A week after he discovered The Note, Jungkook promptly choked on his drink after checking the reply note. “Date?” Jungkook repeated audibly, and frowned at the note, his ears and cheeks turning red again. Pulling out his own yellow post-it, he scribbled on it hastily, drawing a confused mini Jungkook. He could hear Seokjin giggling, but Jungkook ignored him. I wasn't aware it was supposed to be a date? JK   Taehyung was alone this time, pink post-its in his hoodie pocket. He cooed at the reply, visualizing into life his imaginary A+ artist hottie looking all confused and shit. “…the thirst is too real, Taehyung, calm your pants.” He whispered to himself, tacking on his post-it before replying. It's a date with bingsu, not with me! > u< -T   At Seokjin's teasing humming as he entered the café, Jungkook already knows there's a reply. It strikes him a little odd and alarming that after a few exchanges, the notes were already becoming a part of his routine. Ok ^^ i'd like that bingsu, though Thank you, T :) JK   The note exchanges become a habit, an unshakable pattern, for Taehyung. The change was gradual, but Taehyung noticed the awkwardness and quipped replies eventually melt away to reveal a funny, awkward, and sweet café artist. Jimin eventually grew tired of teasing the shit out of him, letting him rave on about this JK's adorableness, his initial protectiveness on Taehyung loosening because no harm was being inflicted, so what was the point in staying agitated. The wall was now packed full of pink and yellow notes, that eventually Taehyung had started taking JK's notes with him because there was no more space in their corner. JK found this reasonable, and started taking Taehyung's notes with him, too, leaving more space for JK's art that just seemed to improve over the weeks, much to Taehyung's delight. Before Taehyung realized it, spring made way to summer, and summer chilled down to autumn. Not once did he meet JK in person, but he felt like he still knew so many things about the mysterious café artist. Like how he liked chocolate Frappuccino with extra whipped cream and extra chocolate sprinkles, that he was from the art department, that he has an awkward time making friends (to which Taehyung aggressively disagreed upon, much to JK's amusement if his sketch of a mini JK rolling on the floor laughing was enough indication), and that JK was a freshman in the same university as he was. Small world. Taehyung, however illogical it may sound, was starting to develop a small tiny baby crush on JK, the mysterious adorable freshman artist of Café Peach.   “Ah, Kook-ah, your little pen pal didn't come by the past few days.” Jungkook tries to ignore the miniscule crushing feeling in his chest, waving his hand dismissively and ignoring the sympathetic look on Seokjin's face. He occupied the overstuffed couch beside the board, feeling odd that there wasn't any new pink note to reply to on the board. He realizes with a jolt and a half cup worth of his coffee spilling onto his jeans that he may possibly have a crush on his mysterious pen pal, and that he has grown extremely dependent on the pink post-it notes to cheer his day up. The realization was more alarming than the prickling sensation of slightly burning coffee seeping into his jeans and onto his skin.   “Only idiots get sick. Didn't you say that before?” Jimin wiped his face gently, his tone chiding yet caring. Taehyung sniffled loudly, smiling weakly at Jimin. “Sorry,” Taehyung whispered hoarsely, and Jimin rolled his eyes. “Say sorry to yourself. Why did you run in the rain and not change as soon as possible? Look at you. You look like shit,” Jimin scolded him again, frowning when Taehyung shivered. Jimin was an angel, that much Taehyung was sure. His friend was a literal blessing from heaven above (Jimin was on a monkey bar in preschool when he had fallen down on Taehyung, their longstanding friendship starting in a sandbox scuffle), and no matter how crazy Taehyung was, Jimin always stuck with him. Taehyung's crazy ideas never did anything good for Jimin (except maybe snag Yoongi from a drunken after-party episode), but Jimin still stuck around, much to everyone's surprise. “You're missing out on another date with Yoongi-hyung. I'm so sorry, Chimchim.” Taehyung wiggled under his blanket, and Jimin slapped him weakly with the damp towel. “Yoongi-hyung can wait. Besides, it's Friday, he's got his whole day filled.” Jimin shrugged his shoulders, dipping the towel into the small tub of lukewarm water and wringing it. “Friday?” Taehyung repeated, mind still hazy. Taehyung frowned in deep thought, before he almost jumped out of his skin, kicking his blankets away and scrambling to sit up. Jimin reeled back in shock, watching as Taehyung rummaged in his bag below on the floor for something. When he pulled out his pink post-its and moved to slip out of bed, Jimin actually reached a hand out and twisted his ear. “Ow, ow, ow—Jimin!” Taehyung flailed his arms, and Jimin let go, a disbelieving look on his face. “Seriously? The café artist? You're literally burning up right now, and all you want to do is go to the café and write sappy love notes?” Jimin asked incredulously, eyeing the pink post-its with slight distaste. “But it's Friday! He's probably wondering why I haven't replied…” Taehyung whined sadly, sighing deeply and slumping like he lost all the wonders of the world. “No. Stay in bed and rest,” Jimin quipped shortly, standing up and taking the small tub of water with him to the bathroom. “Park Jimiiiiiiiin. Pleeeeeease?” Taehyung whined loudly, rolling around on the bed and ignoring the crushing headache threatening to squish his brain into nonexistence. “Yeah, that's right, beg, peasant.” Jimin's voice wafted out from the bathroom over the sound of running water, and Taehyung sobbed dramatically. “Jimin, oh my cute adorable best friend who has the best boyfriend in the world—pleeeease?” Taehyung started crawling down the bed. Jimin emerged out of the bathroom looking slightly apprehensive before giving him a defeated look. “You're not leaving this room.” Taehyung nodded, smiling up at him. “Okay.” “…I'll write your notes for you,” Jimin continued, and Taehyung grinned, cooing at him softly. “Okay, my cutie small angel bean!” Jimin rolled his eyes as he walked over, hands resting on his hips. “…damn, why do I love you so much?” “Because you fell on me from a monkey bar and nearly split my forehead open and you still feel guilty about it?” Taehyung carefully slipped his post-its into Jimin's waiting hands, grinning. Jimin glared at him.    Never in Jungkook's wildest dreams did he ever imagine that he would be seeing Post-It Stranger in person. It was Saturday, and truthfully, he had been a little down in the dumps at not getting any new replies from his mysterious friend (crush). Seokjin had noticed, and had tried cheering him up by dumping extra marshmallows into his drinks and giving him bigger cake slices, and although Jungkook was grateful, it wasn't enough. Until now. Post-It Stranger (a.k.a. Jungkook's crush) was small. Still taller than the average person, but smaller, smaller than Jungkook, anyway. He had sun-kissed skin, small pretty eyes that slanted downwards adorably, full plump lips, and brown fluffy hair. He was writing on a blank pink post-it on the wall, phone in one hand as he carefully wrote whatever he was writing. Jungkook just watched him, brain short-circuiting. Post-It Stranger was cute, what the hell. When the boy started turning around, Jungkook literally dove behind the counter, successfully scaring the living shit out of Seokjin. Seokjin kicked him in the leg, but Jungkook shushed him, only relaxing when he finally heard the door chimes ring softly. “Jungkook, what in the actual fuck are you doing?” Seokjin deadpanned, hands on his hips. Jungkook found himself smiling, unable to contain his happiness because yes, Post-It Stranger wasn't an old geezer. “Hyung…I think I finally saw Post-It Stranger. He was here just now.” Seokjin looked up, then, squinting outside. He spotted something, squinting harder and frowning as he looked back at Jungkook still sprawled on the floor like a starfish contemplating his own life. Jungkook watched as Seokjin opened his mouth to say something, but then something glinted in his face. Jungkook couldn't push away the feeling of being someone's guinea pig, but tried his best anyway. Seokjin just hummed at him, looking away. “Oh, Kook-ah. You're so cute.” Jungkook doesn't understand, but he figured Seokjin was just really happy for him. Sorry for the late reply, JK! :( I was sick for a few days :( Miss me? ;) -T   Jungkook never realized he'd be capable of stalking someone, but apparently he was, and he distractedly contemplates his life decisions as he casually hides behind a tree on campus. It was a Monday, and Jungkook never knew he'd be this happy at getting a class cancelled, but he was mainly because it was Post-It Stranger’s day off. He didn't really plan on stalking the guy, but he was curious to see how he really was, so when Jungkook spotted Post-It Stranger in the crowd, his legs just did all the work for him. After approximately a half hour of staring and blushing, Jungkook finally forced himself to stop because he was feeling weird, like he was committing an offense (he probably was). When a guy with grey dyed hair started approaching Post-It Stranger, Jungkook picked up his things and made a mad dash for the café outside campus. He felt a little envious of the grey-haired dude because he could casually approach Post-It Stranger, and meanwhile, Jungkook had to rely on notes and stalking. Jungkook mentally berated himself.    On Thursday, Jungkook got the shock of his life. As he walked into the café, Post-It Stranger was standing by the board again, pen in one hand as he texted furiously with the other. A blank pink post-it was waiting on the board. Jungkook doesn't know why, maybe it was the stress from a whole day of endless realistic sketches or the fact that he knew Post-It Stranger’s face and was still not doing anything about it, but Jungkook suddenly had enough—enough of the post-its, enough of stalking, enough of his own awkwardness. He dumped his things on the nearest chair aggressively, startling some café goers. He stomped towards Post-It Stranger single-mindedly, fists balled by his sides, and not caring about anything around him, attention focused solely on the cute small guy frowning at the bulletin board. Jungkook took a deep breath, and tapped the guy on the shoulder. He turned, blinking at Jungkook with mild surprise. “Yeah?” He asked, voice high-pitched and soft. Jungkook gulped, palms growing sweaty. He was partially aware of Seokjin watching him from the counter. “Hi. I'm…I'm Jungkook? JK?” Post-It Stranger blinked, before a look of recognition passed on his face. He frowned, an unsure smile on his face before it turned into a full blown grin, bright and warm. “I see. Hello.” Jungkook gulped again, feeling nervous. He gestured at the notes on the bulletin board, feeling his throat go dry because he really didn't know what to do. “Uh, so, this is us, right? I mean, the notes—and, uhm, hi?” The other boy laughed, the sound heartwarming and twinkling. “Us? You're cute, Jungkook. That's cute. Oh, boy. This is awesome.” Jungkook fidgeted in his spot, blushing to his roots. Post-It Stranger still hasn't given his name, and he was just standing there smiling and cooing over Jungkook. He gulped again, swallowing his shyness. “I—this is so awkward, but…what about that bingsu you promised?” Jungkook gave himself a mental pat on the back for not stuttering. The boy laughed again, almost doubling over. Jungkook's not sure what he's doing wrong. “Oh, yeah, the bingsu. There was that, right. Damn, sorry.” “So…is it a date?” Jungkook wanted to choke on his own spit because is this flirting? He feels like he's just flailing around like a fish out of water. This was probably not flirting. Shit. The Greatest Shock Of His Life started happening right about then. Before Post-It Stranger could respond, an arm slinked around his waist protectively, pulling him closer to owner of said arm. Said owner of said arm (who just appeared out of nowhere) was a slightly shorter guy than Jungkook, around the same height as Post-It Stranger (give or take a few centimeters). Jungkook recognized him as the grey-haired dude a few days ago. Grey-haired dude wasn’t looking exactly happy as he glared at Jungkook, his arm still wrapped protectively around Post-It Stranger. “Hey, punk, who do you think you are trying to flirt with my sunshine?” He drawled lazily, but Jungkook could hear the annoyance in his words. Oh, shit. Post-It Stranger was taken? Jungkook waved his hands in panic, blinking nervously as he shook his head. It was too much to take in. All this time, he had been low-key flirting with a guy in a relationship, and it left a bad taste in his mouth. The thought that he could have been the reason to breaking something made him shudder. Grey-haired dude still kept on glaring at him, even going so far as to wrapping both arms around Post-It Stranger's waist, pulling him in closer despite the obvious lack of distance between them. Jungkook felt his face grow hot from embarrassment and shame, and before he could excuse himself, Post-It Stranger started giggling. Both Jungkook and the grey-haired dude looked at him. “…babe?” Grey-haired dude started, and Post-It Stranger shook his head, still laughing unabashedly. As soon as he got over his laughing fit, he wiped away tears from the corner of his eyes, looking up at Jungkook apologetically. “Sorry, sorry. I just—that was so funny. You should've seen the look on your face, Jungkook. Oh, boy.” He turned to the grey-haired dude at that point. “Yoongi-hyung, this is the guy that Taehyung's been exchanging notes with!” Jungkook felt a headache growing. “…what?” “Sorry, I didn't mean to make fun of you. I'm Jimin, this is my boyfriend, Yoongi-hyung. Obviously, I'm not the T you've been exchanging notes with.” Jimin, apparently not Post-It Stranger, smiled at him. Yoongi grunted in confirmation, hugging Jimin from the back and nuzzling the crook of his neck. Jimin slapped him on the arm. Jungkook felt his lips go dry. He glanced at Seokjin who was laughing like a maniac from his spot (he knew, didn't he, that asshole), before looking back at Jimin. As he opened his mouth to say something, Yoongi visibly tightened his hold on Jimin, still glaring at Jungkook and ending up looking like an angry little kitten. “I—I’m sorry, I didn’t know,” Jungkook started bowing his head, but Jimin reached out and patted him on the shoulder. “Nah, it's okay, man—hyung, seriously, stop glaring at the poor kid, he's terrified—anyway, it's really okay. You don't know what Taehyung looks like, so it's understandable. Tell you what, why don't we talk over coffee? I need to see who this JK is.” Jimin winked at him, and Jungkook started feeling embarrassed again.   It was awkward to say the least. Jimin and Yoongi were squished into one couch, Jimin calmly sipping from his latte while Yoongi snuggled into him, arms snaked around Jimin's torso. Yoongi occasionally glared at him when Jungkook so as much as breathed, but remained pretty harmless most of the time as he dozed off on Jimin’s shoulder. Jungkook sat in front of them, mug of coffee untouched in front of him, hands folded atop his lap. “So…it’s been almost seven months, right? Taehyung has a shitload of notes from you. Why haven't you talked to each other in person?” Jimin popped the straw out of his mouth, staring at Jungkook inquisitively and not giving any attention to Yoongi who was quite literally using him as a pillow and bed already. Jungkook tore his gaze away from Yoongi, focusing on Jimin. “I…I'm not sure? I just…I'm awkward, I don’t know how to do this.” “Yeah, but you're hot. Like, A++ stud, man.” Yoongi groaned suddenly at Jimin's words, looking up to glare at Jungkook, and Jimin rolled his eyes. “Th-thanks, but—” Jimin sighed, slamming his plastic cup of latte on the wooden tabletop. Both Jungkook and Yoongi jumped in surprise. “One of you needs to get their shit together. I say you get it together, grow a pair, and ask Taehyung out. He's going to drive me crazy if I have to go through another day of his JK-induced theatrics. Help a bro out here, man,” Jimin begged, sounding more tired than angry. Jungkook ended up nodding his head. Jimin grinned at him, patting Yoongi's hand to let go of him so they could stand up. Jungkook watched them stand. “He has classes later after lunch, at the math building, room B309. He always sits at the back next to the window, and also, his prof's chill with sit-ins. Knock yourself out, Kookie!” Jimin smiled at him, letting Yoongi thread their fingers together and drag him out of the café after bidding goodbye to Seokjin (he knew them, didn’t he, that asshole). Jungkook stared after them, finally releasing a breath he didn't know he was holding in. “Fuck.”   Taehyung stared at Jimin and Yoongi as the couple lounged on his dorm floor. He had approximately an hour before his next class, but he couldn’t move because how dare Jimin meet his JK before him. “That little punk. How dare he flirt with my sunshine? It's preposterous.” Yoongi seethed, and Jimin laughed, reaching over to thread his fingers through Yoongi's grey locks. “Aw, hyung, he didn’t know. I didn't tell him quickly, anyway, so that's why he assumed I was Taehyung. He's into this dweeb, not me.” Jimin jerked a thumb toward Taehyung, earning a pillow to the face. “Whatever, if he so much as looks at you, I'm punching his pretty face.” Yoongi growled irritably, and Jimin crawled over to his lap. Taehyung gagged, taking that as his cue to leave. He kicked Jimin on the ass, throwing Yoongi a dirty look. “Guys, this is my room, okay. Please don't be gross.” Jimin waved him away, winking at him. “Yeah, yeah, whatever, enjoy your class, T!” Taehyung slammed the door in horror when Yoongi pulled Jimin closer.   B309 was a large lecture hall, and only a few students were inside, most of them dozing on their tables since class wasn't starting yet in twenty minutes. Jungkook slipped in quietly through the back door, eyes scanning the back part of the room. Next to the window, sitting by himself and the only one on the whole row, was a boy with blonde hair. He was staring out the window, swaying his head side to side to some imaginary beat. Jungkook's heart clenched in his chest, and he swallowed the feeling of nervousness as he sat on an empty seat, pulling out his sketchpad and quickly sketching the blonde, trying his best to capture the softness of his hair, the way his fingers curved nicely around his jaw, the long lashes, the innocence of his face. Jungkook climbed up the stairs once he was done, quietly slipping into empty seat next to the blonde. As the professor walked in, the blonde straightened up in his seat, and Jungkook took that chance to slip his sketchpad on the table in front of the blonde.    Taehyung stared down at the sketchpad, frozen in the middle of stretching. It was a quick sketch of him, staring out the window as he watched the varsity team jog around on the basketball court a few meters from the math building. The sketch was beautiful, and Taehyung was amazed at the soft strokes of his hair and the careful lines of his face, but what made his heart skip an important beat was the hastily scrawled message on the lower right of the page. 
Hi, T. I'm JK. :)
 Taehyung snapped his head up in surprise, and rightfully blushed as an A+++ shy-looking stud blinked back at him, smiling at his reaction. Taehyung praised all the gods in the world because his imaginary A+ hot café artist had nothing on the real deal. Praise the gods, hallelujah. “…hi,” Taehyung whispered, and Jungkook grinned at him, relief flooding his face as his shoulders visibly relaxed. “You're really T?” He asked, and Taehyung smiled at him, not even the least bit embarrassed of his flaming cheeks. “The one and only. I'm Kim Taehyung, and I apologize for Jimin being such a douche. Nice to finally meet you.” Taehyung held a hand out, and Jungkook took it in a firm grip. His palms were soft, surprisingly. Warm, too. Taehyung's insides did somersaults, and his face did nothing but grow warmer and warmer as each second passed by. Taehyung might spontaneously combust because God, Jungkook needed to chill out with his smile. It was too beautiful for Taehyung. “Jeon Jungkook.” Jungkook smiled, a slight blush on his cheeks, and he leaned in a little closer, his action still a little reserved. “So, that bingsu?” Taehyung internally died when Jungkook smirked, and he knew at that moment that he was far gone from the point of salvation.   It didn't take long for Jungkook to become friends with Jimin and Yoongi, and it took even less for him and Taehyung to officially date. It didn’t happen in a grand manner like it did with how they met (like, post-it notes, really?). It had been a week after Jimin's birthday party. Taehyung had invited Jungkook for movie night in his dorm (Ghibli film, Spirited Away, again), and when Taehyung was starting to sniffle at the ending scene, Jungkook had leaned over and pressed a chaste kiss on Taehyung's lips. Taehyung had stared at him, then, wide-eyed and completely red in the face. Jungkook almost took it back and apologized until Taehyung jumped him and kissed the living daylights out of him, movie long forgotten in the background. When Taehyung told Jimin about it, Yoongi was the first one to be glad, relieved that he didn't have to glare at Jungkook anymore since he had his own man to look after now. Jungkook quickly responded with, “Taehyung's cuter, anyway” at which point Jimin had to kiss Yoongi to calm him down (Taehyung had mumbled, “ew, gross”, and Jimin glared at him). Jimin never let Jungkook live The Mistake down, though. He'd occasionally leave pink post-its on the café wall (“Hi, JK! -J”), and Yoongi would glare at him again when the older man saw the notes. He wasn't serious, but it still made Jungkook nervous. Taehyung never interfered, enjoying Jungkook's flustered reactions at Jimin’s teasing. It didn't take long for Jungkook to fall into place with them, his days off spent in Taehyung’s presence or third-wheeling Jimin and Yoongi when his own boyfriend wasn't available. It didn’t take long for his café sketches to include Jimin and Yoongi's sweet couple moments, Taehyung’s smiles, and caricatures of the four of them (with the occasional Seokjin added in). It didn’t take long for Taehyung and the others to break Jungkook out of his shell, and Jungkook's fine with it.    “Here again? Don't you have any other friends besides me?” Jungkook rolled his eyes at Seokjin, sliding two five-thousand won bills on the counter. It was Christmas, snow raining down like soft powdered sugar outside. Seokjin took his money, humming. “So, two chocolate Frappucino?” Seokjin asked, a smile in his voice. Before Jungkook could answer, the café’s door chimes rang softly, and Jungkook looked up. The sunlight beamed through the blinds softly, dust moats floating in the air without a single care, and all of a sudden, the brown interior of the café looked exceptionally breathtaking in that moment. Taehyung stood under the doorframe, the ghost of a smile lingering on his face from his snowball fight with Jimin and Yoongi outside. He shook his head free of snow, panting slightly, breath ghosting over his face. He looked at Jungkook, and smiled brightly at him, cheeks and nose red from the winter chill. Jungkook smiled, opening his arms as Taehyung slid into his warmth, arms snaking around his waist, face pressing onto his chest, and Taehyung breathing him in. Jungkook turned to Seokjin, a grin on his face as the older man smiled at them. “Yeah, two for us, please.”  Derek first meets the kid at the mall. He’s got chubby cheeks, a tiny ski-jump nose, and huge eyes that seem even bigger with the fat tears rolling down his cheeks. Because of course Derek happens to be the one to find a kid who’s lost his mother when he’s just trying to quickly buy a new charger for his mom’s blackberry after he and Laura accidentally broke the last one.And Mom said to be back home in half an hour tops. No distractions.Derek sighs and crouches down next to the crying kid, because apparently he has a fucking goodie-two-shoes streak. He just hopes his mom will believe his story later and not do her “you’re giving me excuses” eyebrow raise.“Hey,” he says softly, and the kid stops crying for a moment, blinking tears from his eyes and looking over at Derek warily. “Are you alright?”“’m not supposed to talk to strangers,” the kid sniffles, but he doesn’t try to run away from Derek, just continues staring at him curiously. “My dad said so.”“Uh huh,” Derek replies. “And where is your dad?”The crying starts again.“Hey, hey,” Derek says, trying for soothing, but he’s pretty sure he just sounds awkward instead. Carefully, he wraps an arm around the kid, trying to comfort him. “It’s alright. I’ll help you find him.”Slowly, the kid stops crying, sobs devolving into tiny sniffles again as he clings to Derek, getting tears and snot all over the front of Derek’s shirt. At least he’ll have proof for his mom now, he supposes.“What’s your name?” Derek asks, wiping the last of the tears off the kid’s face with his sleeve.“’tiles,” the kid mumbles, and Derek frowns, wondering if he heard correctly.“Tiles?” Derek repeats.“Stiles,” the kid repeats, pouting at Derek slightly, defiant even though his eyes are still puffy and red and his cheeks tear-stained.“Alright, Stiles,” Derek says, grimacing internally about how much harder this will be when he doesn’t even know the kid’s actual name. “I’m Derek. Let’s go find your dad, yeah?”Stiles gives him a jerky little nod and clings to Derek’s hand as Derek leads him through the mall, heading over to the information booth. Thankfully, Beacon Hills is small enough that its shopping mall isn’t too large, so hopefully they’ll be able to find Stiles’ dad quickly enough.“Excuse me?” Derek says, trying to get the attention of the bored looking teenager girl at the information booth. “Uh, this kid’s lost his dad.”“Name?” the girl asks, peering over the top of the counter at Stiles, who narrows his eyes at her and hides behind Derek’s leg. It’s almost cute.“He says it’s Stiles,” Derek answers.The girl gives him a dubious look, but picks up the radio/microphone next to her, clicking it on. The cheery top twenty pop hits playing through the speaker system shut off.“Would a parent missing a young child named Stiles please come to the information desk?” she announces.Before she can even put down the microphone again, Derek sees a harried-looking man run through a gaggle of shoppers, making a beeline for the desk.“DAD!” Stiles screeches, loud enough to make Derek wince, before letting go of Derek’s leg to launch himself at the approaching figure.“Stiles! I was so worried,” the man says, sweeping Stiles up into his arms, even though Stiles looks like he’s about six or so and therefore can’t be that light, weight wise. “I told you not to wander off!”“’m sorry,” Stiles mumbles, his face buried against his dad’s neck. “But Derek found me, so ’s okay, right?”“You’re going to give me a heart attack one of these days,” Stiles’ dad mutters, rubbing soothing circles on Stiles’ back. Derek’s about to try to excuse himself from the reunion quietly, when Stiles’ dad turns to him and says, “You’re Derek?”“Uh, yes, sir,” Derek says, a little stiffly.“Talia’s son?” Stiles’ dad asks, making Derek blink in surprise.“Yes, sir,” he answers. “You know my mom?”“Sheriff Stilinski,” Stiles’ dad introduces himself, shifting Stiles’ weight slightly so he can extend a hand for Derek to shake. “I see your mom at the station sometimes.”“Oh,” Derek replies, awkwardly shaking the sheriff’s hand. It makes sense, he supposes, considering his mother is a forensic psychiatrist.“Thank you for helping my son,” the sheriff says, smiling at Derek, who tries not to blush. “I know he can be a handful.”“It was nothing,” Derek mutters, but he can feel the tips of his ears going pink. “I’m glad I could help.”“Tell your mother she should be proud of having such a kind and humble kid,” the sheriff continues, and Derek’s certain that his entire face is as red as a tomato now.“Thanks,” he manages.“Alright, well I think it’s time we get you home, buddy,” the sheriff says, turning to look at Stiles. “Say goodbye to Derek, now.”Stiles’ eyes go wide and he squirms in the sheriff’s arms until he gets put back down on the ground, before rushing over to hug Derek around the waist. Derek freezes for a moment, not quite sure what to do with Stiles clinging to him, but he settles on ruffling Stiles’ hair, hoping it’s more comforting than awkward.“Thank you, Derek,” Stiles says, his voice a little muffled against Derek’s stomach.“Anytime,” Derek replies.He gets home half an hour late and nearly forget the charger.---Ever since the mall incident, Derek seems to have gained himself a new admirer: namely, Stiles Stilinski, tiny ball of inexhaustible energy.“DEREK!” Stiles screeches, the first time after the incident that Derek comes with his mom to pick up Cora at the elementary school.“Hi, Stiles,” Derek says awkwardly as Stiles races towards him, dragging another boy who must be about the same age as him along with him.“Scott! This is Derek, who I was telling you about,” Stiles says excitedly, beaming at his friend, who gives Derek a long, considering look.“I thought he’d be… bigger,” Scott says, wrinkling his nose at Derek, and Derek has to remind himself why it’s mean to glare at small children.“I’m bigger than you,” Derek replies, because hey, he’s still a middle schooler.“Stiles is my best friend,” Scott announces, his expression stubborn. “You have to find your own.”“I already have my own best friend,” Derek says slowly, a little amused. “His name’s Boyd.”“So you don’t want to be Stiles’ best friend?” Scott asks, tone still suspicious. “That’s stupid.”“Scottiiiiiiiiie,” Stiles whines, tugging at Scott’s arm.“Well, it is,” Scott harrumphs.“Derek!” Derek hears his mom call from somewhere behind him and turns to see his mother sticking her head out of the front window of the car, Cora already buckled into the back seat and trying to peer out too.“I have to go,” Derek says, but pauses for a second before ruffling Stiles’ short buzzed hair. Stiles looks up at him with big, wide bambi eyes and grins. “I’ll see later, okay?”“Okay!” Stiles chirps, but Scott is already tugging him off in the opposite direction.Derek has to bite back a smile at their antics, but figures that he’s not going to have to worry about tiny Scott’s friend-stealing worries too much. After all, it’s not like he’s going to be seeing Stiles very much.---Derek is wrong.Stiles becomes something of a fixture in his life. Beacon Hills is a relatively small town, and Derek becomes accustomed to hearing a small voice screech, “DEREK!” whenever he’s out and about.“DEREK!” now nine-year-old Stiles yells, clinging to Derek’s waist like an overlarge octopus as he waits in line at the local ice cream parlor.“Hi, Stiles,” Derek sighs, ruffling Stiles’ hair. Next to him, Boyd snickers. Not that he has much room to talk – Derek knows how many clingy younger siblings Boyd has.“Did you know that pineapples grown on the ground?” Stiles exclaims excitedly, looking up at Derek with wide eyes. “Well, not on the ground, but like bushes? But they don’t grow in trees!”“No, I didn’t know that,” Derek replies. He’s going to look it up when he gets home, though. Stiles may be a font of random information, but he still hasn’t quite mastered the art of filtering fiction from fact.“Scott’s mom eats pineapple on pizza,” Stiles says, wrinkling his nose. “It’s so weird.”“Hey, I like pineapple on pizza,” Derek protests. “It’s tasty.”“Pizza is for pepperoni,” Stiles announces firmly, pouting slightly. “And pineapple is for…” He frowns for a moment. “Pineapple upside-down cake!”“Have you even tried pineapple on pizza?” Derek asks.“No!” Stiles exclaims, sticking out his tongue. “It’s gross!”“Well how do you know it’s gross if you haven’t tried it?” Derek counters, arching an eyebrow at Stiles, who goes silent for a moment, his brow furrowed in thought.“Hey, don’t let Derek fool you, kid,” Boyd butts in, grinning – probably at Derek’s expense. “I’ve been trying to get him to try chocolate covered potato chips for years and he refuses.”“That’s because – ” Derek starts, but cuts himself off.Well, shit.“But chocolate covered potato chips are the BEST!” Stiles yells, looking at Derek with a slightly betrayed looking expression.“How about this,” Boyd says, grinning like the sadist he is. Some best friend. “You try pineapple on pizza, if Derek agrees to try chocolate covered potato chips.”Derek glares at Boyd and hopes that Stiles will be too disgusted by the mere thought of pineapple on pizza to go through with Boyd’s suggestion. Stiles frowns for a moment, thinking.“Okay,” he finally says, much to Derek’s dismay. “Because Derek needs to eat chocolate covered potato chips.”“I haven’t agreed to this, you know,” Derek grumbles.“I agreed for you,” Boyd says with a smirk.“Stiles!” a woman calls from the other end of the ice cream shop. “I have your ice cream!”“Yaaaaaay!” Stiles exclaims, abandoning Derek in favor of ice cream. Not that Derek can blame him, really.“I hate you,” Derek grumbles, glaring at Boyd. “Why are we friends?”“Because if you wanted to be friends with anyone else, you’d actually have to talk with more than just your eyebrows,” Boyd snorts, and Derek scowls, but concedes the point. “Well, except for that kid who’s latched onto you. I’m pretty sure he could talk enough for both of you.”“He’s not really a friend,” Derek protests. “He’s like nine. He’s more like a kid brother.”“Alright, alright,” Boyd says. “I’m still going to make you stick to that chocolate covered potato chip deal, though.“He’ll forget in an hour,” Derek replies, nodding over to Stiles, whose face is already covered in chocolate ice cream.“Yeah, but I won’t,” Boyd says, smirking.Derek glares and makes Boyd pay for both of their ice creams.(And, a week later, when he’s forced to eat a chocolate covered potato chip, he refuses to admit he likes it. Even though Boyd and Stiles were right about the taste.)---Stiles mellows a little as he gets older, but that doesn’t mean his energy diminishes any – it just means that instead of yelling at Derek across the parking lot, he rattles off questions and random facts at a mile a minute whenever they run into each other.(Thanks to Stiles, Derek now knows that sloths are green because algae grows on them, every human has a unique tongue-print, and that the first documented use of the word “condom” was in 1666.)But, of course, all good things must come to an end.“College is stupid,” Stiles, now twelve, announces at Derek’s graduation party, moping in one corner of the living room with a plate piled high with sugar cookies. “Why can’t you just stay here?”“It’s not like I’m leaving forever,” Derek says, stealing one of Stiles’ cookies, and it really says something about his emotional state that Stiles doesn’t even try to stop him. “I’ll still see you at holidays and during the summer, and maybe some long weekends.”“Yeah, but I used to have you, like, three-hundred and sixty-five days a year,” Stiles whines, and Derek tries to not find it endearing. “And college takes up around one-hundred and sixty days a year! And then there’s weekends, when you’ll be there, but not – ”“Stiles,” Derek sighs, interrupting him. “You’ll be fine. And you have Scott.”“I had him before,” Stiles grumbles, like there’s any hole in Stiles’ life that Scott, his best-friend-for-life, couldn’t fill.“Yeah, and you’ve still got him, okay?” Derek says, trying to be the mature one in this situation, even though he can already tell he’ll miss Stiles tagging along after him and nipping at his heels. “You’ve still got me, too. I’ll just be a little further away than before.”He ruffles Stiles’ buzzed hair, and Stiles makes an annoyed sound, batting his hand away, even though Derek can feel him leaning into the touch automatically. Stiles may be sprouting up quickly, but he’s still quite a bit shorter than Derek, and Derek’s determined to savor it while it lasts. Knowing how tall the sheriff is, Stiles will probably be catching up soon.“You better call me,” Stiles finally replies, his lips turning down into something akin to a pout. “Like, at least once a week.”“Yeah, Mom,” Derek sighs, and Stiles smacks him lightly on the shoulder. “Alright, alright, I will.”“Good,” Stiles says, and then lunges forward to hug Derek, catching him off guard. “’m gonna miss you.”“Yeah,” Derek replies, patting Stiles on the back. “I’ll miss you, too.”Stiles takes a long time to let go.---Stiles calls religiously for about a month, but then drops off the map altogether. Derek figures he just got bored – he’s a middle schooler now; he doesn’t have that long of an attention span – but then in a phone conversation with his mother, he finds out the real reason.Namely, that Claudia Stilinski is in the hospital with some sort of brain cancer with a name that sounds scary enough without Derek hearing the “most likely fatal” that comes after it.He calls Stiles five times, and each of them go to voice mail. He leaves a message the final time, expressing his condolences and telling Stiles to call him back, but Stiles never does. Derek doesn’t see Stiles when he comes back to Beacon Hills for Thanksgiving, either; it seems like Stiles is determined to be left alone (by Derek, at least).They don’t see each other again properly for a long time.---Derek moves to New York after college, to do graduate work at Columbia. He likes the city, likes his work, and is comfortably settled, three years into his PhD, when it happens.“Derek?” the Starbucks barista blurts out when Derek gives his name for his order. “Derek Hale?”“Do I know you?” Derek asks, frowning. The kid at the cashier doesn’t strike him as familiar, with messy brown bed-head hair and bulky hipster glasses. He’s attractive, though, and definitely Derek’s type. He winces internally and hopes this isn’t about to turn into an awkward ‘don’t you remember that amazing night we spent together?’ sort of conversation.“Oh, I’m, uh, Stiles?” the kid says tentatively. “Stilinski?”Derek stares for a moment. Because he knows it’s been a long time since he saw Stiles, but this is – how can this be Stiles? Stiles, the overly energetic kid with a buzz cut who followed Derek around like a kid brother for years.He definitely does not look like a kid brother now.“I mean, it’s been a long time, so I totally get if you don’t remember,” Stiles babbles on, finally something familiar for Derek to latch onto. “I was just this annoying kid, and – ”“I remember you,” Derek blurts out. “You got lost in the mall – ”“And I cried all over you, yeah,” Stiles mumbles, his cheeks going pink.“You’ve…” Gotten really hot. “Changed.”“I mean, I grew my hair out,” Stiles says, running a hand through his hair. Derek absolutely does not think about what it would feel like to tangle his fingers in it. He’s known Stiles since he was six – this is so wrong.Stiles bites his plump, red lower lip. Yeah, Derek is definitely going to hell.Derek opens his mouth to say – well, to say something, but before he can get any words out he hears someone clear their throat pointedly behind him.“I should…” Derek says awkwardly, nodding towards the line gathering behind him.“Right,” Stiles replies. “I get off shift at nine. If you wanted to talk more, that is – you know, catch up and – but you’re probably busy – ”“I’ll be there,” Derek interrupts, and Stiles blinks at him for a moment, clearly surprised, before his face breaks out into a grin.“I’ll see you then,” Stiles says.So Derek gets some papers graded for the American history course he’s TA-ing, trying to bide his time, before finally making his way back to the coffee shop, arriving at nine pm on the dot.“Hey,” Stiles says as he comes out of the back room, a backpack slung over his shoulder. “Where to? Because I’ve been in this Starbucks for waaaay too long now, and I need a change in scenery, stat.”Derek pauses for a moment.“My apartment is nearby,” he finally says, hoping that he’ll have enough control during their conversation to not spend the entire time focused on the fact that there’s a bed in his apartment. He knows it’s not unreasonable for Stiles to have changed so much in the seven years since they saw each other last, but it’s still such a jarring change, seeing Stiles so grown up and attractive.“Sounds great,” Stiles says, beaming. “Lead the way.”The walk isn’t far and the few blocks go by quickly, before Derek is leading Stiles up a worn set of stairs to his loft. He regrets bringing Stiles here for a moment, when he realizes that he hadn’t tidied up at all – he doesn’t exactly get visitors often – but Stiles just flops down on the couch, making himself at home. It’s so Stiles that it makes Derek relax a little. Even though he’s changed so much outwardly, it’s nice to know that he’s still relatively the same on the inside.“Nice place you’ve got here,” Stiles says, peering around the loft.“Thanks,” Derek replies, a little awkwardly. “Do you want anything to drink, or…?”“Dude, stop acting like we’re strangers,” Stiles huffs – although Derek’s mind is protesting that they kind of are. Stiles was twelve the last time Derek saw him. “So, how’d you end up here in New York?”“I’m getting my PhD in history at Columbia,” Derek answers, sitting down in the chair across from Stiles, his beat-up coffee table comfortably between them. “You?”“Oh wow,” Stiles says, whistling lowly. “I’m over at NYU, actually. Small world, huh?”Derek tries not to think about how when they were younger, there’s no way he wouldn’t know something as important as this about Stiles. But, well, times change.“Yeah,” Derek says softly.They fall into silence for a moment. It’s awkward, and a little tense as Derek tries to think of something else to say, to continue to conversation.“I’m sorry,” Stiles says suddenly, breaking the silence. “That we lost contact, I mean. It was my fault.”“Stiles,” Derek replies gently. “You were twelve and had just lost your mother. It’s understandable.”“But afterwards I didn’t – I didn’t try to contact you or – ” Stiles protests.“And neither did I,” Derek counters, arching an eyebrow at Stiles. “Communication is a two way street, you know.”Stiles pauses for a moment.“I got your voice mail, you know,” he finally says. “When you heard about my mom.”“Stiles – ” Derek starts, because this wasn’t supposed to be a painful conversation. He hadn’t wanted to dredge up old, hurtful memories.“I listened to it about a million times,” Stiles blurts out. “It… helped. I’m not good at talking about the important shit, you know? So just being able to listen without having to say anything… just – I’m trying to say thanks.”“You don’t have to thank me for that,” Derek replies.“But I want to,” Stiles says, looking at Derek with big, whiskey brown eyes that still remind Derek of bambi as much as they ever did. “So yeah, thanks.”There’s another lull in the conversation.“Actually, I take back what I said earlier,” Stiles announces. “I could use a drink. Do you have, like, whiskey or something?”“You’re nineteen,” Derek replies, trying to keep his tone stern.“So?” Stiles asks, turning his wide, innocent eyes on Derek. Manipulative as ever, it looks like.Derek gets the whiskey.---Derek becomes something of a regular at the Starbucks where Stiles works. He claims it’s because it’s the closet coffee shop to his apartment – which is, actually, the truth – but, well, Stiles’ presence may also have something to do with it.Not that he enjoys watching as customers snap their orders at Stiles, or flirt with him like he’s their last chance at sex, ever. Part of him wants to say it’s the overprotective pseudo-brother in him that’s making him annoyed, but the part of him that also wants to flirt with Stiles argues otherwise.“Oh my god, seriously?” Stiles groans, plopping himself down across the table from Derek and making him look up from his papers. “Do people honestly think they’re going to get a discount if they flirt enough?”Derek can’t quite hold back a small snort.“I know, right?” Stiles sighs, exasperated.“I wasn’t – I mean – ” Derek replies, awkwardly. “I don’t think they’re flirting for a discount.”Stiles blinks at him, uncomprehending.“They’d probably rather have your number,” Derek clarifies.Stiles bursts out laughing. He laughs for almost a minute straight, tears in his eyes as he doubles over the table.“Oh my god,” he says when he finally catches his breath again. “That’s – I mean, have you seen me? And, like, my weird nose, and too many moles, and nerdy glasses?”“Aren’t glasses in right now?” Derek retorts, quirking an eyebrow at Stiles, who rolls his eyes.“Only if you’re hot enough to pull them off,” Stiles huffs, fiddling with his own glasses.“I think all the people flirting with you is an indication that you’re hot enough,” Derek says, staring down at the paper he’s grading and trying not to blush.“You think I’m hot?” Stiles blurts out.“Objectively,” Derek adds, even though there’s really nothing objective about it. “You were a weird kid, but you’ve grown into it, I suppose.”“Shut up,” Stiles grumbles, kicking Derek under the table.“You told me the entire history of the condom when you were twelve,” Derek says dryly. “You were a weird kid.”“I could tell you the entire history of circumcision now, too,” Stiles replies with a smirk.“I think I’ll pass,” Derek says, trying not to blush. He really doesn’t need to think about Stiles and dicks at the same time.“Seriously, though, you honestly think I’m attractive?” Stiles presses, looking at Derek with those wide brown bambi eyes.“Yes, Stiles,” Derek sighs. “Why is that so hard for you to believe? I’m sure people have told you so before, or at least expressed their interest in you.”“I mean, not really,” Stiles says, shrugging. He picks at a scuff mark on the table with his thumb. “It’s not like I’ve never, you know, had sex before, but it’s always been a ‘we’re both a little tipsy and you’re convenient’ sort of thing.”“Well, you’re attractive,” Derek says. “Congratulations.”“Wow Derek, any more praise and I might think you’re hitting on me,” Stiles replies dryly. “Might want to reign in your compliments here.”“I take it back,” Derek snorts. “You should wear a paper bag over your head at all times.”“You know what, for that I’m stealing the rest of your coffee,” Stiles grumbles, snatching Derek’s mug.Derek watches on in amusement as Stiles takes a large swig of coffee before making a face and spitting it back out into the mug.“Why didn’t you warn me it was cold?” Stiles whines, sticking out his tongue in disgust.“You’re the one who insisted on stealing my coffee,” Derek replies. “It’s your own fault.”“You suck,” Stiles grumbles, glaring at Derek, but there’s no heat behind it.“You wish,” Derek quips, a little pleased when the comeback makes Stiles’ cheeks go red.“My break’s about up,” Stiles says, checking his watch.“Sorry, I didn’t mean to take up all your time,” Derek replies, frowning.“No, it’s cool,” Stiles answers with a small smile. “I probably would have just spent the entire time texting Scott otherwise.”“I guess I’ll see you later, then,” Derek says.“I’m holding you to that,” Stiles replies with a grin.Derek tries not to stare after him as he walks away, and mostly fails.---Derek’s a little drunk. Stiles is, too, he suspects, if the flush of his cheeks is anything to go by, and Derek feels like he should probably regret it – letting Stiles into his alcohol stash again – but Stiles just looks too cute like this, tipsy and relaxed as he lounges on Derek’s couch.“You know,” Stiles starts, his voice a little slurred. “You know, when I was a kid I had the – the biggest crush on you. Like, I was practically doodling ‘Mr. Stiles Hale’ in my notebooks, I was so smitten.”“Yeah?” Derek breathes, trying not to focus too hard on the past tense.“Mmmhmm,” Stiles replies, looking over at Derek with half-lidded eyes. “I had this plan where I was gonna have, like, a magical growth spurt in high school and become all attractive, and then you’d fall for me.”“Well, I’m sorry I wasn’t there for it,” Derek says, his eyes dragging slowly over Stiles’ body.“No, but I mean, like,” Stiles whines, “like not you finding me objectively attractive, but you wanting to – to – ”“To what, Stiles?” Derek asks, and Stiles steels his expression before dragging himself up off the couch. He staggers for a moment – maybe a little drunker than Derek thought – but manages to make his way around the coffee table to crawl into Derek’s lap.“To do this,” Stiles mumbles, and then presses his lips to Derek’s.Derek freezes for a split second, indecisive, but then he pushes back against Stiles’ lips, moaning against Stiles’ mouth. Stiles opens his mouth, and this time Derek doesn’t hesitate to lick inside, his hands going to Stiles’ hips as Stiles’ own hands tangle in Derek’s shirt.He isn’t sure how long they kiss, how long he spends nipping at Stiles’ lips and moaning into his mouth. Eventually the urgency subsides, though, even with Derek hard in his jeans with how Stiles is pressed up against him.“’m tired,” Stiles mumbles when they finally pull apart, head dipping forward to rest his face against Derek’s neck. “Is this a dream?”“No,” Derek murmurs, bringing up a hand to run his fingers through Stiles’ hair, an odd reminder of when he used to ruffle Stiles’ hair when it was buzzed short. “We should sleep, though.”“I dunno – ” Stiles starts.“Sleep,” Derek emphasizes. “Nothing else.”“M’kay,” Stiles mumbles, breath hot against Derek’s neck.Derek just barely manages to muster the strength to carry Stiles over to the bed, before face-planting into it after him.---When Derek wakes up, Stiles is still lying next to him, snoring softly. He can’t help but take a moment to admire the way the sunlight dapples Stiles’ pale skin, his eyelashes dark against his cheeks. He’s more than attractive now – he’s beautiful in a way Derek hasn’t seen in someone in a long time.Stiles makes a small noise, and then his eyes open, eyelashes fluttering. He squints at Derek for a second, but then grimaces and squeezes his eyes shut again.“Sunlight,” he groans. “Turn it off.”“Sorry, but turning off the sun isn’t one of my many talents,” Derek snorts, lips quirking up into a small smile.“Asshole,” Stiles grumbles, turning to bury his face in one of Derek’s pillows.“Apparently you’re into that,” Derek teases, watching as Stiles suddenly goes stock still.“Did I really…?” Stiles finally asks, tentatively peeking over at Derek, his cheeks a little pink.“What, kiss me or tell me you used to write ‘Mr. Stiles Hale’ in your notebooks?” Derek replies, smirking slightly.“Oh my god,” Stiles moans, burying his face back into the pillow. “I said I wanted to write that, not that I actually did! Can we please just call this drunken shenanigans and forget about it?”“I don’t know,” Derek drawls. “Mr. Stiles Hale has a nice ring to it.”For a moment, Derek thinks Stiles stops breathing.“Of course, I think getting married right now would be rushing things a little,” Derek continues, voice soft. “Dating first might be a good idea.”Stiles turns to look at Derek again, his mouth falling open and his whiskey brown eyes widening.“You mean – with me – ?” Stiles asks.“If you’re still interested,” Derek adds, wondering if maybe Stiles’ drunken ramblings last night were just that – drunken ramblings with no real intent behind them.“Am I interested?” Stiles exclaims. “Of course I am, you idiot! I just want to make sure you’re interested!”“I don’t save just any kid I find lost in the mall,” Derek says with a teasing smirk, and Stiles scowls and hits him lightly in the arm.“Asshole,” he mutters, but he scooches a little closer to press himself up against Derek’s chest.“You’re the one who wants to marry me,” Derek replies, wrapping an arm around Stiles and holding him tight.“You’re never going to let me live that down, are you,” Stiles groans, burying his face in Derek’s chest.“Regretting this already?” Derek asks. “I already know all of your embarrassing childhood stories, you know.”“Yeah, well I know all of yours, so we’re even,” Stiles retorts. “We’re a match made in heaven.”“Yeah,” Derek says, his expression softening slightly. “Yeah, we are.”---When they get married, they change their last name to Stilinski-Hale. It’s close enough.To be honest, Foggy is insanely relieved when his mom asks him to take a gap year and watch over the coffee shop. He should be upset, probably, being a bright young thing fresh out of law school and ready to take on the world, but honestly? He’s fresh out of law school, and his brain is fried and his savings are run dry and he’s one student loan away from holding up a bank at gunpoint. Running a coffee shop is relatively easy by comparison, and it comes with tips, which is always a plus. “Do you have a Venti?” The girl in front of the counter asks, squinting at the menu board. Foggy wants to be annoyed, because she’s the sixth person to ask that today and Starbucks is pretty much the only place in the world that has a Venti. This place is not even close to Starbucks. Still, he sees the haunted look in the girl’s eyes—hidden behind chunky black specs, totally a hipster—and he smiles instead. “Wrapping up finals?” He asks sympathetically, and the girl startles out of her squinty trance and nods, groaning. “Okay, Venti is large, but for you I will put it in the biggest cup we have and add an extra shot of espresso. Okay?” “Thank you.” The girl murmurs reverently, and then she bursts into tears. Definitely wrapping up finals.  About ten minutes later, after the liberal administering of kind words and napkins, she’s toddling out the shop with a drink that would probably give someone a decade older a heart attack. Ah, to be young. He’s already a bit past closing after talking the girl down into some semblance of sanity (he knows what it’s like to be a sleep-deprived student and what they want to hear), so he locks up and goes to wipe down the counter, glancing at the tip jar and smiling gleefully when he sees that it’s full to the brim. God, he loves privileged college students. “That was nice of you.” “Holy hell!” Foggy stumbles back, looking around wildly for the deep, disembodied voice that is apparently impressed with his barista skills. “Um, am I hallucinating from exhaustion, or is there actually someone here?” The deep, rather attractive disembodied voice chuckles, and then becomes significantly less disembodied when a man detaches himself from the shadows and steps forward. He’s rather attractive too, to match the rather attractive voice, even though only super villain ninjas should be able to emerge from shadows. “Have you been there the whole time?” He asks, peering back at the shadowy corner the man emerged from. Foggy didn't even know his coffee shop had shadowy corners.  “And if so, what exactly were you doing? Because I’m pretty sure I didn’t sell you a coffee.” He would definitely remember selling a coffee to this guy. He would also remember scribbling his number on the guy’s coffee cup afterwards, which he totally would have done if given the chance. “I just slipped in a moment ago, actually.” The man smiles apologetically. “Sorry, I didn’t realize you were locking up.” Foggy tilts his head. “Yeah, I actually did lock up. Sorry, I didn’t mean to trap you inside.” He also hadn’t seen the man come in, which is sort of suspicious. Another point in the ninja column. “So, you want something to drink?” The man shakes his head. “No, I couldn’t. You were already putting things away.” Foggy waves him off easily, turning towards the cups. “Nah, it’s fine. For here or to go?” The man tilts his head to match Foggy’s, eyes hidden behind dark glasses. After a moment, his lips quirk into a small smile. “For here, I think, if you don’t mind the company.” 
So very much no. I get to stare at you instead of dirty dishes.

 
“No problem, take a seat. What can I get you?” The man steps towards him, and it takes Foggy a moment to place the man’s stick. It had been hidden before, folded up in the man’s sleeve, but now it’s tapping out a rhythm as he makes his way forward. Huh, blind. At least he won’t be able to see Foggy ogling him. “Left two steps and you won’t get the squeaky chair.” He offers, turning back to the cups. The man’s hums out a sound of thanks and does so, reaching up and finding the back of the chair one away from the creaky one. He smoothly pulls it back and settles himself in. “So, pick your poison. Black, white, mocha--shaken not stirred?” The man laughs. “Actually, a mocha sounds pretty good.” Foggy nods, reaching for his favorite mug. The man deserves the best cup, Foggy can tell. It’s a truly eye-searing shade of red, but it’s a pleasant, rounded shape and it always seems to keep the coffee warm, no matter how long it sits there. “You, my friend, get the red cup. It’s the best one, in case you were wondering.” “I’m honored.” The man says, smiling as Foggy turns away to get the drink started. “I’m Matt, by the way. Matt Murdock.” “Foggy Nelson. Well, Franklin Nelson, but Franklin just makes me think of the tortoise and Foggy sounds much cooler. Mysterious, you know? A dark and foggy night.” The man nods thoughtfully. “I can see that. It’s sort of hard-boiled detective meets sci-fi.” Foggy nods, grinning at him. “Thank you! Finally, someone who sees the light.” He blinks, pausing for a second. “That’s not offensive, right?” “Not at all.” Matt assures him, and Foggy sighs in relief. “Good. ‘Cause I have this tendency to stick my foot in my mouth, but offending someone this fast would actually set a record. How sweet?” “Very.” Matt drawls, smiling disarmingly, and Foggy blinks once again—well, that was inconveniently arousing—before turning back to the syrups. He adds a little extra milk, because the guy is built but in a way bordering on rangy, and then adds a little extra syrup. If the guy likes sweet, Foggy can be sweet. He can be hella sweet. “A man after my own heart.” He teases, because if Matt can flirt like that, so can Foggy. Besides, it’s general enough that Matt can’t call him out on it if things go south. Matt doesn’t seem the type to do that anyway, Foggy thinks. He’s only known him for a minute, but he just sort of knows. “People are always telling me that I’ll regret it later, but I think they only say that because they’re bitter, bitter people who are allergic to happiness.” “I know a thing or two about that.” Matt admits, smile dimming a little. Oh, geez. The guy’s got a dark past. He’s tall and handsome and has a killer smile, and he has a dark past. “You’re not secretly a billionaire, are you?” He asks, just to be sure. The man cocks his head, looking a little bemused. “No?” He offers hesitantly, and Foggy nods. “Not going around fighting crime at night in a tight black get-up? Maybe a mask?” The man’s smile quirks a little oddly. “Not recently.” Foggy nods again. “Okay, good, just checking that you’re not actually Batman.” Matt relaxes, the strange slant to his mouth softening as he laughs. “Do I really seem like Batman?” He asks, amused, and Foggy nods earnestly. “Dude, you totally give off a Batman Vibe.” He proclaims sincerely. “Which is a good thing, let me tell you. Not many people can pull off a Batman Vibe.” He stirs in the syrup and then, on a whim, swirls a shape onto the top of the foam. He pushes it towards Matt. “Okay, I just want you to know that there is a seriously badass smiley face gracing the top of your drink, because I am a master foam artist. Just, you know. If you want to take a second to appreciate it.” Matt’s perfectly sculpted eyebrow--does he tweeze those, geez, how does that even work blind?--quirks. “That seems sort of like a wasted effort.” He points out, gesturing towards his glasses, and Foggy tuts. “No way. Art like that is never a wasted effort, and I bet you appreciate it more than most people who come through these doors. That’s why I told you.” He eyes the man again, more critically this time now that he’s not blinded by his massive hotness. He looks a little ragged around the edges, jaw stubbled and skin pale. His hair’s a mess too, sticking up in all direction’s like he’s just uncovered it. Major hat hair, even though Foggy doesn’t see a hat. He remembers the careful way the man grinned at him before he sat down, a little confused at Foggy’s warm welcome. “And you know, not to be nosy, but you look like you could use a free smile or two.” Foggy says slowly, not wanting to offend. The man head snaps up, and Foggy has the somewhat unnerving feeling that the man is actually watching him, even though that shouldn’t be possible. Sizing him up. Foggy just smiles back in as nonthreatening a manner as he can, even though it shouldn’t be possible for the man to see that, either. Just to be safe, Foggy focuses very hard on sending out nonthreatening vibes too. Which he’s not sure is actually a thing, but he’s willing to try it. Finally, the man smiles. It’s very different from his previous smiles, and Foggy realizes with a little lurch that it’s different because he actually means this one. The others had been polite, he thinks. Matt had seemed amused, and maybe he was, but all of those smiles has been carefully calculated to put Foggy at ease. He’d seen it in debates all the time back at law school, lulling the council into a false sense of security, charming them into thinking or doing something without them realizing it. Matt, he thinks, would be a very good lawyer. But now, ducking his head and beaming shyly into his coffee cup, running his fingers along the rim like he’s feeling out the smiley face he can’t see, Foggy thinks that Matt might also be a very good guy. A very good guy that hasn’t seen a friendly face in a while. “Yeah.” Matt says quietly, turning the cup in his hands gently without looking up. “Yeah, I sort of could.”  Matt doesn’t leave the shop for a few hours. They talk about old movies (Matt was, apparently, not always blind but must have become so very young, judging by the dates of the films) and childhood stories and favorite foods, and by the time Matt’s getting up to go, Foggy has the strangest feeling that he’s known this guy for years. They just sort of… click. Matt's hand goes to his pocket on the way out, obviously reaching for his wallet, and Foggy waves him off and refuses payment. “I said a free smile, Matt. Besides, I can afford to buy a guy a drink.” Matt gives that shy, adorable smile again that makes Foggy’s heart skip a beat. He thanks Foggy before ducking out through the door Foggy is holding open for him, waltzing off into the night like he owns it. Foggy lets the door swing shut behind him, leaning against it and sighing. “I’m in trouble.” He mutters to himself, blowing hair out of his eyes, and then he goes to wipe down the counters. Again.  Foggy is kicking himself a week later for not giving Matt his phone number. Sure, he wouldn’t have been able to be all slick and leave it on the cup like he’d imagined, but considering the state of his handwriting that might actually be a good thing. He could have manned up and just told Matt he’d like to call him sometime, but he hadn’t and now he’s got to deal with it. It sucks, because he’d actually liked Matt. The guy wasn’t just another pretty face. They’d gelled really well together, and Foggy hadn’t laughed that much in a long time. He’s pretty sure Matt hadn’t either. And even if Matt was totally uninterested in being more than friends, well, Matt would have been an awesome friend. Like, matching rocking chairs ‘til death do you part sort of friend. He’s closing up again, sighing at the somewhat lacking state of the tip jar, when who should come strolling into view but Matt Murdock, smiling broadly and cool as a cucumber. “You have an eerie knack for showing up just when I’m about to close.” He says in greeting, and Matt stops, rolling his shoulders sheepishly and looking unsure. His smile fades a little. “Right, sorry. I can—“ He gestures behind him and Foggy huffs. “I’m rolling my eyes at you.” He informs Matt as he does so. “Get in here, you big lug.” Matt grins brightly at him, frame relaxing, and brushes past the door that he somehow knows Foggy is holding open for him. “Sorry, I really didn’t mean to catch you this late again, but I was in the neighborhood and I thought of you.” Which is incredibly gratifying, but still… “Hell’s Kitchen is not the sort of neighborhood you should be wandering around aimlessly, especially at night. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I love the place. Home sweet home. It’s just not really, you know, strolling material. Not so much room for moseying.” Matt shrugs, utterly at ease. “It’s my city.” He says simply, like that explains everything. Foggy snorts. “It’s my city too, and I still give it a fifty-fifty chance that I’m going to get mugged every time I walk out the door.” Matt cocks his head, frowning curiously. “Have you ever actually been mugged?” He asks, and Foggy shrugs. “Yeah, let’s see… Five times, I think. Only once in the past year though. The neighborhood is really shaping up.” He jokes, trying to make light of it because honestly, at this point it’s old hat. Matt however looks rather disconcerted, frown deepening. “When this year?” He questions, sounding rather like a prosecutor cross-examining a suspect. “Did he get away with it?” “Sort of. I mean, it wasn’t exactly a lucrative hold-up. All the he got off me was a couple bucks and some pocket lint.” Foggy says, and then hesitates for a moment. He’s tempted to leave it like that, a funny anecdote, but there’s something about Matt that keeps him from laughing it off like he usually does. “I saw him on the news, a week later. He’d been arrested for something else, something big, and now he's in prison for the foreseeable future.” He shrugs a little helplessly. “He was the nicest guy to ever hold a gun to my head. I felt kind of bad for him.” He can see Matt’s eyes widen behind the glasses. “He held a gun to your head?” Foggy shrugs again, a little uncomfortable. “Well, yeah. I mean, if it had just been a knife I would have objected little more strongly.” Matt’s lips thin. “And that was earlier this year? When?” “Uh, like seven months? He was one of the ones in the Saints’ Street case, if you remember that.” It had been a real clusterfuck for the police, Foggy remembers. A whole warehouse full of gangsters taken down in a single night, not a single bullet hole or knife wound among them and surrounded by illegal guns and counterfeit money. Nothing stolen, a couple dozen goons left behind and a couple big players. They'd been babbling about the Devil the whole time the police were cuffing them, and Foggy had never seen suspects so eager to go into custody.  They'd never found out who did it. “I do remember that.” Matt says quietly, pensive. “I was working that night, but I heard about it on the radio later.” Foggy nods, grimacing. “Yeah, so. Justice was served, I guess.” He fiddles with the milk steamer. “You want another mocha, or something else?” Matt looks like he wants to keep asking questions, but he seems to realize that Foggy doesn’t and so he smiles instead, expression still a little distracted. “You decide. I trust you.” Foggy laughs at that, shaking his head. “You have a death wish, buddy.” Matt’s smile widens, but he says nothing. “Okay, I think tonight you look like you need a… Chai, I think. Extra sweet.” Matt nods agreeably, picking up a napkin and shredding at the corners with his fingers. “You know, no one’s ever actually robbed me?” Matt muses, and Foggy can’t help but stare at him a little incredulously. “Seriously? I mean this in the nicest way, man, but you’re a blind man walking around alone, after dark, in a suit and tie. How am I more of a target than you?” He considers Matt for a second. “You’re literally beating them off with a stick, aren’t you?” He nods towards Matt’s cane, and the man laughs, a light, happy sound. “Maybe I just look tougher than you.” He suggests easily. Foggy huffs. “No, no way. I’ll have you know that I am ruggedly handsome and understatedly imposing in an entirely attractive way. Like, think Irish Superman.” “Can you be understatedly imposing?” Matt wonders. “Isn’t that kind of an oxymoron?” “See? I break the laws of language and grammar. I am that awesome.” Matt laughs again, open and easy. It’s a nice sound, so Foggy gracefully ignores the fact that Matt’s laughing at him. In any case, Matt doesn’t sound like he’s laughing in a mean way. He sounds like a kid who just heard a really good joke, sort of giggly and exuberant. It’s kind of adorable. “Irish Superman, huh?” Matt repeats, still chuckling to himself. “And I’m Batman.” “I really, really want to make a joke about bats and blindness. Will you punch me if I make a joke about bats and blindness?” Matt shakes his head, grinning. “Okay, so we’re Superspud and Blind-As-A-Batman.” “That’s horrible.” Matt groans, covering his face, but he’s still laughing when Foggy finishes up the Chai and makes his little drawing on the top. “It’s wonderful and you know it. Here, drink up Bat-Matt.” He pushes the cup, the red one that Matt used the last time he was here, towards him. “I drew a bat this time, in case you were wondering.” He peers into the cup. “Well, maybe the artist formerly known as Bat, and currently known as Roadkill.” Matt snorts and takes the cup, tilting it this way and that as though he’s trying to find the missing bat, which is unlikely to happen for several reasons. “This is one of the few times I might actually be grateful for being blind.” He muses, and takes a sip. “Rude.” Foggy scolds him, but he’s smiling. Matt smirks and takes another sip.  Matt comes by again, and again. There’s no real rhyme or reason in his visits, Matt usually claiming that he just happened to be in the neighborhood and felt like coffee. The only thing that always stays the same about his visits is that he always visits after dark. “So, not that I don’t appreciate our nightcaps, but I’m just curious here: are you actually a vampire? Because I have yet to see you in sunlight, and you’re kind of unfairly pretty. That seems to be a hallmark of modern-day vampires.” Matt blinks, looking up from his latte for a moment before grinning disarmingly. “You think I’m pretty?” He asks, batting his eyes, and Foggy rolls his eyes. “Yes, Murdock, you are a shining specimen of the male form. I cannot be the first person to tell you this.” Matt shrugs, smile softening a little. “Well, no, but you actually know me.” “Oh.” That’s actually sort of sad. “Nope, sorry, not buying it. You are ludicrously charming. I feel like the more people are exposed to you, the more attractive you look. Your attractiveness grows like a fungus on the poor, unsuspecting folk around you.” That surprises a laugh out of Matt. “So I’m a fungus? That might be the sweetest thing anyone’s ever said to me.” “You’re not the only one who’s ludicrously charming.” Foggy tells him primly, taking a sip of his own strawberry tea. “I’ve made a career of it, my friend.” Matt nods comfortably. “You’re probably the best barista I’ve ever met.” He agrees, and Foggy shakes his head. “No, I mean—well, yeah, I’m pretty great, thanks for noticing, but I meant as a lawyer.” Matt freezes, cup poised halfway to his lips. “You’re a lawyer?” He asks, voice odd. He puts his cup down very gently on the counter, fingers tapping idly along the handle. “You never told me that.” “Huh, really?” Foggy thinks back. Now that he thinks about it, it had never come up. He’d just sort of assumed Matt knew, because after such a short time it feels like Matt knows pretty much everything about him. “Yeah, Columbia. I graduated last year.”   “And yet you’re here making me coffee after hours. The economy’s not that bad, is it?” Foggy swats at him. He’d tried not to do things like that for a while after he met Matt, not wanting to startle the guy, but Foggy’s tactile by nature and he kept finding himself reaching out before he could notice. Matt had never said a word, and he’d never seemed surprised by the touches either. He even touches back now, putting a hand on Foggy’s shoulder when he says goodbye, brushing their fingers together when Foggy hands him his cup (the red cup, after five or six of their late nights, has been put to the side and declared the Matt Mug). It makes Foggy a little squirrelly, considering he’s still peripherally aware at all times of how insanely hot Matt is, but it’s also nice. Matt trusts him enough to relax around him; Foggy thinks that’s got to be tough. “Okay, firstly? Being a barista is a perfectly valid life choice, not just a backup plan when your other life goals fall through. Secondly, I happen to have received more than one very nice internship offer, but I’m taking a break to look after the shop. The Avocado isn’t going to run itself, you know.” “I thought it was called the Avocator.” Matt points out, and Foggy nods. “Well, yeah, but I couldn’t say that when I was a kid and I thought guacamole was the best food ever, so. It sort of stuck.” “The Avocado.” Matt murmurs to himself, lips turning up in a brief smile. “I like it.” He pauses. “So if it’s not your shop, whose is it?” Matt asks curiously. “My mom’s. But she and Dad decided to celebrate their fortieth anniversary by running off to Africa, apparently to ‘find’ themselves by getting lost on safari.” He chuckles. “They call me at one in the morning, maybe a week after I get my diploma, and they tell me that they love me lots, would I mind watching the store for a while, and by the by they might have forgotten to lock the doors so I might want to go check on that.” He gestures to the room around them. “They left the keys in the lock, actually—it’s a wonder we weren’t robbed blind.” Matt laughs too, but it tapers off a little too quickly. “So you’ll be leaving, then, when they come back?” He sounds a little hesitant, and Foggy might be imagining it, but maybe a little upset. “Going to take up one of those internships?” Foggy frowns. Actually, he hadn’t thought about what he was going to do after this, not lately. When he’d first started, he’d been planning way out into the future, where to work and how long it would take to pay off his loans, get a nice apartment, make everything fall neatly into place, but now… “I suppose. I sort of like it here.” He admits. “There are no sharks circling me and nipping at my toes. And by sharks I mean the rest of my graduating class. Carnivores, the lot of them.” He thinks of Marci and shivers. Great girl, great friend, but absolutely terrifying both in and out of the courtroom. “You don’t seem like a shark.” Matt tells him, lips pressed in something not quite a smile and not quite a frown. Foggy huffs in agreement. “Which was exactly the problem. I was the spunky, underdog protagonist and most of my classmates were zombies, killed by a lethal amount of studying and reborn with an insatiable desire for brains they didn’t have.” He gestures to himself. “To them, I was a buffet. And I say that in the humblest way.” “I can tell.” Matt says, smiling turning up once again. “But you like it? Law?” Foggy smiles a little sheepishly. “Well, yeah. I got into it because it sounded sort of like being a superhero—I was pretty obsessed with comic books when I was a kid, total nerd all the way. And I liked the idea of being able to say or do the right thing, and catch the bad guys. It was either be a lawyer or a cop, but I wasn’t really fond on the whole running around catching them and dodging bullets part. I’d rather stick to the bit where they’re already in handcuffs and all I have to do is keep them there. Well, I did rather…” Matt hums encouragingly. “So there was this case in law school. This family got murdered—mom, dad, a couple kids—and this one guy got arrested. He looked good for it, no alibi, sent out a creepy vibe, no friends or family to back him up. And he got convicted, died in prison less than a year later because they don’t really like child-killers there. Only, he wasn’t a child-killer.” “You don’t think he did it?” Matt asks, intrigued. Foggy shakes his head. “I’m sure of it. See, for some reason it stuck with me, so I looked at the newspaper archive for the times, asked questions, did some digging. I found out that there had been four other murders just like it, same MO and victimology as the last one, only the first three had been committed in urban neighborhoods.” “Ah.” Matt says, and Foggy knows he understands. “So, the police look into it, just another homicide, but this last family was rich as sin, and suddenly the police needed a suspect fast.” “A scapegoat.” Matt murmurs, and Foggy nods. “The guy didn’t have a spot on his record. He was just weird, different, and that made him as good as guilty. His lawyer was court-appointed, and you could tell he was doing a half-assed job, already knew the way the wind was blowing. The jury took less than an hour.” He sighs shakily. “And I thought, if I’d been there, I’d have helped. I’d have tried to, anyway.” He startles when he feels Matt's hand cover his own, warm and dry and sure. Foggy looks up, still caught up in his memories. The look on Matt’s face is soft, and fond, and somehow a little… awed, Foggy might say if pressed. Impressed, at least. “So you became a defense attorney.” Foggy smiles down wryly into his cup. “So I became a defense attorney. Of course, I haven’t actually defended anyone yet. My internships were all corporate, which is one of the reasons I didn’t feel too bad turning them down. It’s not what I wanted, you know?” Matt considers him, tilting his head. “Why did you apply if you knew you didn’t want to do them?” Foggy grins a little exasperatedly. “I didn’t. Marci did.” Matt makes an inquisitive sound. “Marci Stahl. Now, she is a shark, and she had more brains than the rest of us put together. For some reason, she also decided that I made the perfect pet. She kept me fed and watered during school, took me for walks, and submitted my resume to about a dozen of the most prestigious law firms in New York. I still don’t know what lies she wrote on them, but somehow I got the offers.” “She didn’t ask you?” Matt sounds both amused and a little offended on Foggy’s behalf, which is warming. “Marci is the sort of person who prefers asking for forgiveness than permission. Actually, that’s a lie—she’s not the sort of person who asks for either.” He shrugs. “But she’s actually pretty nice if you can get past the fact that she can and will take out your eye with one of her stiletto heels if you look at her wrong.” Matt leans his chin on one hand, smile wistful. “She sounds unique.” He offers neutrally. “So, how long have you guys been together?” “Wha—together?” Foggy splutters, reeling back and holding up his hands as though to ward off the very thought. “No, no, not together. Been there, done that, bought the T-shirt. Never again.” “It ended badly?” Matt asks sympathetically, raising his head and putting both elbows on the table so he can lean forward. Foggy considers. “I mean, not horribly. We’re still friends, you know? But it was pretty clear that we were just not going to work out, ever. She’s a shark and I’m a tasty minnow with a big heart. It just was not meant to be.” “Well, I’m sorry it didn’t work out, but it’s better to know these things sooner rather than later, I suppose. This way there’s still a chance for you to meet your soul minnow.” Foggy grins at him.  “Soul minnow, I like that. Plenty of fish in the sea, but only one soul minnow.” Matt laughs. “You’re a dork, you know that?” Foggy swats at him again, gentling the blow before it can connect so it’s more a brush than anything. Matt may be comfortable around him and his touches, but that doesn’t mean he’s going to take the guy by surprise and sock him off his chair. “You started it.” He retorts, somewhat childishly. He takes another sip of his tea before a thought strikes him. “So, we’ve been spending this whole time talking about my love life, or lack thereof. What about yours?” Matt goes quiet, looking down in the direction of his cup. He’s still smiling, but it seems a little bittersweet. “I don’t really have a love life. Or any sort of social life, actually. I’ve never… I’m great at making acquaintances, but not so good at making friends.”  Foggy thinks about the fact that Matt has never, not once in all the time they’ve spent together, mentioned anyone in his life. No ‘my cousin said’ or ‘my aunt baked’ or ‘my girlfriend called’. Nothing. Foggy had always just assumed that Matt was a private person, which Foggy could respect although it’s not the lifestyle he’d choose. But if Matt’s saying what Foggy thinks he is, then Matt doesn’t mention anyone in his life because he doesn’t have anyone in his life. “So, this is going to sound cheesy and probably a little weird considering we’ve only known each other a few weeks, but I think you might actually be the best friend I’ve ever had.” Matt looks blindsided—heh—by this confession, physically moving back in his chair like he's been struck. “Really?” He asks, voice too loud on the first syllable and too quiet on the second. Both are shot through with enough uncertainty to make Foggy’s heart ache. “Absolutely. You, Matt Murdock, are Best Friend material. You heard it here first.” Foggy bumps Matt’s shoulder lightly with his fist. “So apparently you're better at making friends than you thought, if you’ve already conned me. I’m a pretty tough customer, you know, not an easy sell.” Matt rubs at his shoulder (like Foggy actually hit him hard enough to hurt, the diva), but he’s giving that shy, goofy smile that he gave Foggy the night they met, even bigger than before and crinkling the corners of his eyes invitingly. He looks so delighted--and so surprised at being delighted--that Foggy really wants to give him a hug and a noogie and maybe a kiss or ten. “You’re…” His voice is a little shaky. He clears his throat and tries again. “You’re my best friend too.” He says it so seriously, with such weight. It sounds like a vow, like something he’s swearing to in court. Now that Foggy thinks about it, he’d sounded that way too. He thinks maybe Matt’s with him on this, on this strange connection that’s getting stronger between them every day, this weird feeling of rightness when they’re together, like two puzzle pieces clicking into place. It’s both amazing and terrifying, because Foggy’s never felt anything like this before and he’s not sure that it won’t kill him one day, when it gets too big and he bursts from it. “So, I guess we’re both cheesy and a little weird.” Foggy tells him, and Matt grins, the strangely heavy atmosphere melting away into something warmer and lighter but no less intense. Every moment with Matt is intense, an adrenaline rush and a tranquilizer all at once. “Well, we already knew that.” Matt says, and Foggy laughs. “That, Matty, deserves a toast! To cheesy weirdoes! Not just a snack food anymore!” He pours them both another drink, and when they toast they miss a little and get coffee and tea all over the counter, and Foggy doesn’t even care that it’s going to take forever to clean the sticky surface later. Neither one can stop smiling.  Matt actually comes in one day when the shop is still officially open. Actually, he comes in around the noon rush hour, and Foggy sees him open the door and then sort of stumble into the wave of sound and the crush of bodies. “Right, hold on. Coffee break.” He apologizes to the rather harried man in a three-piece suit waiting for his redeye. “Seriously?” He complains loudly after Foggy, who is hurrying towards Matt. “I work in a coffee shop. I am passionate about coffee. And when the coffee calls to me, I must answer.” He calls over his shoulder. “Back in five minutes!” He reaches Matt, who is just swaying there and looking sort of like he’s blown a circuit, and tows him away from the noise, into the back room. He gets Matt settled on the ratty but still rather cozy couch before the man seems to come back to himself, slowly raising his face in Foggy’s direction. Foggy watches him, hands on his hips. “Well, now I get why you only come by when everyone else is gone. Jesus, Matt, what were you thinking?” Matt turns his face back down towards his hands, fiddling with them in his lap. “I didn’t think it would be that bad.” He admits quietly. “You said that you wanted to see me when the sun was up.” He adds, even quieter, like he’s ashamed. Foggy runs his fingers through his hair in frustration. “I was joking, you goof! If you’ll remember, I was accusing you of being a vampire at the time, which is not something I usually do in earnest.” Matt ducks his head, chastened. He looks a little forlorn there, sitting hunched on the droopy couch and literally twiddling his thumbs. Foggy can’t really find it in him to stay mad, especially since the reason he was mad in the first place is because he was worried about Matt. Being mad will just make it worse. He sighs, walking over to the couch and nudging the cushion next to Matt in question. Matt nods, still not turning towards him, and Foggy settles in beside him. “I really appreciate the gesture, Matt. It was really sweet of you. But I was just teasing. I like seeing you anytime, day or night. And if night’s what’s better for you, then that’s what we’ll do. It’s worked out so far, right?” Matt nods again, still looking miserable. “I don’t like making you stay late. You must be tired.” He confesses. Foggy shakes his head, hesitates, and then nods. “Well, yeah, I’m usually pretty beat, but spending time with you makes me feel better, if anything. And you know, if you feel bad about the time, I can close up an hour or two early.” He waves off the beginning of Matt’s protest, even though the man can’t see it. He’s never stopped emoting around Matt; he feels like even though Matt can’t see the gestures, he seems to know they’re there and appreciate them. “No, seriously. No one usually comes by that late anyway. I’d probably have cut down the hours earlier, but I wasn’t sure when you’d pop up and I didn’t want you to show up to a locked door and an empty shop. But if we’re actually planning our evenings…” “You kept the shop open for me?” Matt breathes, and the innocent wonderment of it is gut-wrenching. Foggy shrugs, discomfited at being caught out. He actually hadn’t planned on mentioning that part, since it was a little pathetic, sitting there in an empty café hoping for Matt to come wandering in. “Well, yeah. I mean… yeah.” Foggy brushes off the embarrassing admission. “But now we can go out and do things instead! Like, dinner-and-a-movie nights.” He’s read up on movies that have extra audio for the blind, and he might have downloaded one or twenty of his favorites onto his laptop in the hope that he might one day get a chance to watch them with Matt. “I’d like that.” Matt tells him earnestly, and leans forward to say something else when that bastard up front decides that Foggy’s five minutes is up two minutes early and shouts towards the back room, “Hey, paying customer here! I have a meeting in ten minutes and I’m going to be late!” “So why don’t you skip the damn coffee and get your ass to the office? Dumb caffeine junkie.” Foggy mutters mutinously. When he glances down at Matt, he finds the man hunched over once again, hands twitching up like he wants to put them over his ears but doesn’t want to do it when Foggy’s watching. Foggy sighs, tapping him on his knees to get his attention. “Okay, I have to wade back into the fray. Two options: one, I smuggle you out and you come back a couple hours later when I’ve finally kicked my delightful customers to the curb; or two, I let you borrow my very nifty noise-canceling headphones and you can hide out here until I’m done. Preference?” Matt blinks up at him. “Headphones?” He says, and Foggy’s not quite sure if that means he wants to use the headphones or if he’s just trying to figure out what Foggy means, so he scurries over to his bag and pulls them out. They’d cost a pretty penny, but it had been necessary to get any studying done during the party nights on campus. He hadn’t been able to hear a thing with them on. He’s not sure if it’ll be the same with Matt—if today’s proven anything, it’s that Matt’s hearing must be off the charts to compensate for his vision—but he’s betting it can’t hurt. He presses them into Matt’s hands gently. Matt takes them just as carefully, turning them over in his hands and running fingers along the edges and pads. “They’re the expensive kind.” He contemplates, like he can tell the price of headphones simply by touching them. Maybe he can. “They’re very good quality.” Foggy nods the point, because they'd been worth every pretty penny he'd paid for them. “So, is that a yay or a nay for the headphones option? I would just like to point out for further consideration that you look dead on your feet, man. A nap could only do you good.” Matt smiles, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. “I’m more of a night owl, really, and yesterday was busier than normal. I’d be sleeping right now, usually.” Foggy throws up his hands in frustration. “Yet another reason that this was a spectacularly bad—although, once again, also spectacularly sweet—idea. Okay, you know what, do those work for you?” Foggy gestures towards the headphones and Matt seems to understand, because he nods without further prompting. “Right. Executive decision, you are taking a nap. Put on the headphones, I have an afghan around here somewhere because I am all about comfort—ah!” He grabs it, a horrendously ugly thing he made during his knitting phase back in high school, but it’s warm and soft, and he likes to think that its lumpy, lopsided form has character. He brings it back over the Matt, who is still turning over the headphones in his hands. “Those work better on your ears, Matty.” He informs Matt dryly, and Matt huffs a laugh and pulls them up and over. “You need anything else?” He asks, before he realizes that with the phones on Matt probably can’t hear a word he says. “No, this is great.” Matt tells him, and Foggy does a double take. “You can still hear me?” Matt nods absently. “The headphones aren’t broken, are they?” Matt shakes his head. “No, they’re fine.  My hearing is a little stronger than yours, is all. They can’t block out the noise, but they can muffle it to something I can handle. I can only pick you up so easily because you’re… close by.” It sounds like that wasn’t what he was actually going to finish that thought with, but Foggy decides that Matt’s probably not up to a grilling right now and puts his question on the back-burner. “Will they work okay? I can still just lead you out. Hell, I can close up early if you want. Mr. Redeye and his manners do not deserve my delicious elixirs.” Matt shakes his head again. “No, it’s fine. I should be able to handle it with these. Just wake me up when you’re ready to go.” “If you’re sure.” Foggy demurs. He brushes the afghan over Matt’s knees before dropping it on top of him. Matt hums, pulling it up around his shoulders and leaning back against the armrest of the couch. “’S soft.” He says, rubbing a cheek against the fabric. “Nice.” Foggy feels a stab of pride at that, and also one of affection because Matt looks kind of like a kitten nuzzling a ball of yarn. “Thank you. That’s why I picked the material, although let me tell you, it is a very ugly blanket. It looks sort of like a rainbow threw up on a sheep.” Matt snorts out a laugh, snuggling further under the blanket. “Adds character.” He defends, just as Foggy had done earlier in his head. “You should knit more.” “My knitting teacher would disagree with you.” Foggy tells him dryly. “But I value your opinion more than hers.” “Good.” Matt says decisively, eyes already drifting closed. Foggy taps gently at his shoulder. “Glasses, Matt.” He orders gently. Matt tenses for a moment, and Foggy thinks he’s going to say no. He’s sure he’s going to say no. Foggy’s never actually seen Matt without his glasses. They’re pretty cool glasses, dark red lenses set in circular wire frames. Very few people would be able to pull them off, but Matt’s one of the few. Still, as nice as they are, he’s willing to bet his life savings that Matt’s eyes are nicer. For some reason, even though Matt is completely unselfconscious about every other aspect of his blindness, the glasses thing seems to be the exception in a big way. Foggy thinks he might have gotten some shit about it as a kid or something, because it seems pretty deeply ingrained that no glasses equals bad. And Foggy gets that. God knows he’s self-conscious about his appearance in a lot of ways (courtesy of the wonders of childhood bullying). It’s just, Matt has absolutely no reason to feel self-conscious, at all but especially around Foggy. Foggy is pretty sure he’ll love Matt’s eyes as much as he loves the rest of Matt. …Which is, like the friends thing, way too early to be talking—or thinking—about. He steels himself for rejection, which is why it takes him a moment to realize that the reason Matt isn’t answering is because he’s reaching up and taking the glasses off.
 
He doesn’t even cop out and keep his eyes closed. He keeps them open and wide and up towards Foggy, and Foggy would swear that Matt’s looking at him. He’d swear it, and it sends a shiver down his spine because Matt looks closer than anyone Foggy’s ever met, even though he shouldn’t be able to look at all. Foggy had, on the embarrassing number of times in the past he’d daydreamed about Matt, assumed that the guy would have brown eyes. Dark brown, rich and warm like coffee. Maybe a little amber thrown in there for an exotic flair. They’d the lovely, and perfect, but they’d still be brown and Foggy’s heart could handle something simple like brown. Matt’s eyes are not brown. “Wow.” Foggy says before he can stop himself. Matt frowns and reaches for his glasses. “No, no, don’t!” Foggy says, scrambling forward. It’s probably a sin to steal a blind guy’s glasses, but Foggy does it anyway. Matt grabs after them, frown deepening and hurt blossoming on his face. “I know they tend to freak people out. That’s why I didn’t, before.” He says softly, still reaching for the frames. “It’s alright, Foggy.” “No, it is not okay. It is not okay that you think there’s something freaky about your eyes, or that some assholes told you there was something freaky about your eyes.” Foggy kind of wants to punch every one of those assholes out. Hard. “That was a good ‘wow’, Matty. The best ‘wow’.” Matt hesitates, hands still suspended in the air but no longer grasping for his glasses. “Really?” He asks, unsurely. “You don’t have to say that.” Foggy huffs, putting the glasses down on the low table in front of the couch. Matt can still grab them, but Foggy’s hoping he can change his mind before Matt decides to. “I’m not just saying it. Well, I am saying it, but not because I have to.” Foggy takes a deep breath, gathering his thoughts. “Look, as incredibly creepy as this sounds, I think your eyes are really, really…” He searches for a less flowery word and comes up empty, “Beautiful.” Matt blinks up at him, and Foggy can finally see exactly what that looks like without tinted glass in the way. Matt tilts his head just a little when he blinks, and the change in light makes his eyes brighten and shade as he moves. It’s sort of breathtaking, and Foggy has one awful moment where he considers ‘accidentally’ stepping on the glasses on the way out, because he never wants to not see Matt’s eyes again. But that would be a total dick thing to do, so he abstains. “I don’t… I remember what they looked like when I was a kid. They were pretty normal, Foggy.” Matt tells him dryly. “I doubt they’ve changed that much.” “Well, either they have or you were a dumb kid.” Foggy tells him bluntly, and that startles a little exasperated smile out of Matt. “Matt, seriously, they’re great. I’ve never seen that color before.” He stops, cursing himself. Trying to convince Matt how awesome his eyes are based on color probably isn’t the way to go. Still, Matt doesn’t seem angry. If anything, he looks a little wistful. “What color are they?” He asks quietly, and when Foggy flounders, he reminds him gently, “I remember colors, Foggy. I’ll understand. And I’d… I’d like to know. What you see.” “Right, okay.” Foggy blows out a breath, trying to calm his ridiculous bout of nerves. Foggy’s never really considered himself a poet, but he definitely knows how to talk. He’s got the gift of gab in spades, and a healthy imagination and vocabulary to augment it. He can do this; he just needs to find the right words. “So, when I first saw them, I thought they were like the sea-glass you find on the shore, the ones that are smoky and green and blue all at once. Then, when you tilted your head, I saw some really light brown, sort of tawny. And the blue isn’t quite as there, but the green gets brighter when the light hits it right. Right now they look kind of… mossy? Like, this really earthy green that’s struck through with warm brown and something a little lighter, almost gold. They’re… really beautiful.” It takes him a moment to realize that Matt’s crying. “Whoa, hey, no. Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you! Do you not like moss?” Matt laughs wetly, reaching up to rub at his damp cheeks. “I love moss.” He says, somewhat nonsensically because no one loves moss. They’re ambivalent towards it at best. “I just… I felt like I could see, when you were talking. I could see what you were seeing, and it was beautiful. Thank you.” He sounds a little choked up, and Foggy’s not far behind. “Anytime.” He says faintly, and realizes he means it. “Really, if you ever want to know, just ask me. I’ll talk your ear off until you can see what I’m seeing, every time.” He yelps when he finds his shirt collar being grabbed in a surprisingly strong hold, yanking him down and into Matt’s arms. He’s sort of awkwardly crouched over the little table, and he bumped his knees and thinks they’ll probably bruise later, and Matt is still all tear-damp and rumpled and he hugs a little too tightly (damn, he has a grip) and lopsided, like he’s not quite sure where his hands go. It’s the best hug Foggy ever had. “Thank you.” Matt whispers again, breath teasing over Foggy’s ear and making him shiver a little. He hopes Matt doesn’t notice. “Thank you.” Foggy hugs him back until his back starts to ache from staying in the half-bent position for so long. As though Matt can sense that Foggy’s muscles are beginning to protest, he lets Foggy go. Not to be outdone, Foggy gives him one last squeeze before letting go and straightening. His spine cracks as he does, and he winces but does not regret it one bit. “Well, now that we’ve bared our souls and I’ve probably irrevocably alienated one of my least favorite customers with well-deserved neglect, I guess I’ll head back out. More customers to alienate the old-fashioned way.” Matt chuckles, only a little damply. “You want anything to drink? I think we have Sleepy Time tea.” “No, I won’t need it.” To punctuate his statement, Matt yawns, snuggling down more comfortably against the sofa. “You go on and save the world, one macchiato at a time.” “Go to sleep, nerd.” Foggy ducks out the room, grinning. His customers give him a few odd looks when he keeps on grinning straight through the afternoon, but he ignores them. He keeps thinking of Matt, wrapped up in Foggy’s ugly rainbow afghan and fast asleep with a smile on his face, and he just can’t stop beaming.  After the unfortunate experience during the noon rush, Matt goes back to his nighttime visits. Foggy does close up an hour early, and Matt helps him clean up despite Foggy’s protests that it’s not his job (Matt says that it’ll make the job go quicker and give them more time to spend together, and that’s an argument that Foggy can’t win). Sometimes they go back to Foggy’s apartment. Matt is stunned and delighted to discover Foggy’s growing collection of audio-augmented movies, and they find that they have very similar tastes (another point for the destined-to-be-besties theory) in films. They order in Chinese some nights and steal out of each other’s cartons without asking, and other nights they order pizza and fight over the last piece. Foggy gets Braille playing cards and gets slaughtered by Matt in poker (it’s impossible to tell when the man is lying), and proceeds to cream him in Uno. They make a unanimous decision not to play Blackjack because they both count cards. Matt prefers Foggy’s apartment to his own, although he never outright says it. It takes Foggy two months to finagle a way in, and he can immediately see why the guy’s not super fond of it. It’s actually pretty swanky, probably costs more than Foggy’s place does, but the walls are bare and the kitchen is brushed chrome steel, and there are no personal effects of any kind. Foggy gets the no picture thing, but there’s nothing—no houseplants, no funny potholders, no weird conversation piece sculptures. There’s a bookshelf in the bedroom that is full of Braille books, but in Foggy’s opinion there are not nearly enough books there to make up for the rest of the lifeless apartment. There’s also a very obnoxious billboard right across the street that makes Matt’s apartment light up like a rave every night. Matt says it doesn’t bother him—for obvious reasons—but Foggy is unimpressed. “Yeah, you can’t see it, but can’t you, I don’t know… hear it? I mean, those things buzz when they’re on, right? Like, electrical currents.” Matt pauses, wine bottle poised above his glass. “Yes.” He says slowly. “I can. Most people don’t think of that.” “Come on, Matty. I am not most people.” Foggy reminds him, turning back to look at the sign. “It is annoying, or more like white noise?” Matt puts the bottle down, going to join Foggy at the window. His expression is distant, remote. “I’m used to it. It would probably throw me off balance if it was gone.” “That’s not the same as liking it.” Foggy points out, and Matt turns to look at him, features still melancholy. “No, it’s not.” He agrees quietly. He pauses, licks his lips. “To tell the truth, I hate it.” He says it with a vicious sort of vehemence, like he’s talking about a particularly awful person rather than a thing. It’s a complete turn-around from his absent serenity of a moment ago. “I hate it, but I need it there. To remind me.” “Remind you of what?” Foggy whispers, and he wants to reach out but Matt looks taut as a bowstring and Foggy worries if he touches him, Matt might snap. His fingers twitch at his side as he squashes the urge. Matt smiles, but it’s nothing like what a smile should be; it’s jagged and jaded and there’s not a hint of Matt’s wonderful laugh in the corners. He turns back towards the sign. “That there are things out there that I can’t change, no matter how much I want to.” The anger is gone as quickly as it came, leaving behind a deflated, beaten sort of weariness. This time, Foggy can’t resist. He reaches out and takes Matt’s hand, tangling their fingers together. Matt stiffens for a moment, shoulders rigid, but Foggy refuses to pull away no matter how much Matt wants him to. After a moment, Matt’s fingers curl tentatively over his. “Let’s take a walk.” He says. Let me get you as far away as I can from this place, which is apparently one large monument to your masochistic tendencies, he doesn’t say. Matt doesn’t say anything at all, but he lets Foggy lead him away. Foggy spares one more glance at the sign, which has shifted from electric blue to vivid crimson. It hits the white walls of Matt’s apartment and magnifies, bathing the whole place in bloody, burning red. It looks like they’re walking through Hell. Foggy walks faster.  They were going to order dinner, but there’s no way Foggy’s letting Matt back into his apartment any sooner than he has to and Foggy’s apartment is a little too far to walk back to this late. Besides, Foggy’s stomach is growling and if he can hear it, Matt definitely can. He buys them the closest food he can find, which turns out to be toasted nuts covered in cinnamon and sugar. It’s not exactly the healthiest meal, but it smells delicious and Foggy would probably eat an old shoe at this point, which is probably an even less healthy meal. Matt hums in thanks and takes the offered bag. It’s only as Foggy turns them towards a bench that he realizes that Matt hasn’t let go of him the whole time. Touching while Foggy was leading them out makes sense, sure, although he’d bet good money that Matt knows the layout of his building cold. But he’d had his hand settled in the crook of Foggy’s arm the whole time Foggy had been buying the nuts, and once they’re settled in Matt sits close enough that their knees press together. It’s probably a little closer than most people would be comfortable with. Foggy shifts a little so that their shoulders touch too. Matt smiles down into his wax cone and Foggy smiles a little goofily at Matt before remembering that he’s supposed to be eating, and Matt will probably get suspicious if he doesn’t hear chewing sounds pretty soon. Matt stays pretty quiet while they eat, still a little withdrawn. Foggy thinks he’s still thinking about his hellhole of an apartment, so he decides to do what he does best and babble until the problem goes away. Matt likes it when Foggy describes things to him. It had become a habit after he’d tried to explain to Matt what his eyes looked like, and it’s one they’ve both come to enjoy. Foggy will never tell Matt, but he’d actually bought himself the mega box of Crayola Crayons and spent an indecent amount of time memorizing the colors to help Matt get a better picture. Foggy starts with describing the park. He talks about the cracks in the sidewalk and the graffiti on the park bench and the ducks that are bullying each other for breadcrumbs out on the lake. Since it’s early evening, it’s pretty quiet out, most people either at home or too busy getting there to bother with chitchat—perfect for Matt. “The sunset’s nice tonight.” He tells Matt. “It’s mahogany at the bottom, the kind that’s all polished and sort of glows red when the light hits it right. The red fades into a burnt sienna when it gets higher, and there are these little wisps of goldenrod around the edges, like a halo. Then it gets sort of red again, more pinkish—blush, I guess, pretty much the same color I get when a pretty girl talks to me. And then at the top, it’s this great violet color, but there’s some royal purple there too, and a little indigo at the very tip, like a crown. There are some clouds out, so the light hits those and it looks like ribbons of gold rippling through the whole thing.” He considers it for a moment. “You can see a few stars too, and Venus. I used to think Venus was this huge mega star, and I kept trying to make wishes on it. When my mom told me it was a planet, I was so bummed. All those nights spent bargaining for a Gameboy, and I was conning the wrong astral body.” Matt laughs, and it’s breathy and bright and exactly what Foggy needs to hear to know that Matt’s okay. Or at least, that Matt will be okay. “I remember praying like that.” He says, reminiscent. “I used to say: ‘If I get X, then I will Y’. I was very mercenary about it, too. Promised all kinds of things. I even put loopholes in, in case I got what I prayed for.” “What did you pray for?” Foggy asks, and only realizes what a monumental mistake it is after he says it. Matt doesn’t crash again like Foggy expects though, still smiling even it’s softened with sadness. It’s a scabbed sort of sadness, like a wound that will never quite heal over but isn’t bleeding anymore. “Mostly? For my dad to come back.” He says simply, and Foggy nods thickly. Matt’s told him about his old man, and it is not a happy story. Matt’s a fighter, though, just like his dad. He didn’t let it knock him down, even when Foggy knows how bad he must have been hurting. “Before that, I wanted to see again, but I haven’t prayed for that in a long time.” “And now?” Foggy asks, hushed. “Do you still pray?” “Every day.” Matt confesses. “I didn’t, for a while. I didn’t see the point. But lately… every day.” Foggy knows that Matt is a staunch Catholic, in the way that means he constantly wants to do the right thing and beats himself up every time he thinks he doesn’t. He’s always struck Foggy as a man who is more likely to go to confession than pray a rosary. There’s a lot of guilt in Matt, for what Foggy can’t understand. If Matt’s started praying again, that means something’s changed. Foggy just hopes it’s a good something. “If we’re being honest here?” Foggy offers wryly, “I still wish on stars, too. Now that I know where to aim, that is.” Matt chuckles, crumpling his empty wax paper in his hands. Foggy upturns his own bag over his mouth, making sure to get all the little crunchy sugar bits left behind, and then he stands to throw their wrappers away. When he settles back down, he nudges Matt’s shoulder companionably, and Matt nudges him back immediately. They sit for awhile in silence, and Foggy thinks maybe Matt wants to go home about as much as Foggy wants him to. Finally, Matt takes a deep breath. It is the universal sign that someone is about to say something important, even though they’re not quite sure they should. “I want to touch your face.” He says, all at once and a little too loud in the quiet night air. The look on his face is one of sheer horror when Foggy turns to stare at him. “Um.” Foggy says, because honestly he was not expecting that. “Come again?” Matt groans, burying his face in his hands. “That is not the way I was planning on asking.” He mutters, mostly to himself. “Sorry.” He says through his fingers in Foggy’s general direction. Foggy is still a little lost, but there’s no reason for Matt to be embarrassed about it. “You don’t need to be sorry, I just… I don’t really understand?” He pokes an unresponsive Matt, still curled up like a hedgehog. “So you should explain it to me so I do.” He suggests firmly. Matt sighs, frustrated. “You could tell me what you looked like, if I asked. You’d probably do a good job, too, better than most people. But, if I want to know what someone looks like, I need more than words. I need to… to map it out myself, build a picture in my head.” Foggy stares at him, a little surprised. “So you want to touch my face to help you build a picture?” Matt nods into his hands. “Okay.” Matt’s head whips up. “Seriously?” He asks, astonished. Foggy nods easily. “Sure. It actually sounds pretty cool.” He shrugs. “And I mean, I know what you look like. It’s only fair, right?” Matt frowns a little, fingers tapping out a nervous rhythm on his thigh. “Most people find it… invasive.” He explains slowly. “It can be a little unpleasant for them.” Foggy snorts. “You mean some people find you copping a feel on their face weird?” Matt glares. “Okay, sorry. It’s fine. I think we’ll be fine. We’re pretty much touching all the time anyway.” He bumps their knees together companionably. Matt swallows hard. “You really don’t mind?” He asks, fingers stopping their tapping and lifting a little towards Foggy. Matt really wants to do this, Foggy realizes. He might have wanted to do it for a while, and he’s been holding himself back because he was worried he’d upset Foggy. “Honestly, you seem a little more freaked out about it than I do.” He points out. Matt bites his lip uncertainly. “Like I said, a lot of people don’t like it.” He says uneasily. “I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.” When Foggy opens his mouth to argue, Matt adds on hurriedly, “And it can take awhile, to get a good picture. You’d have to stay still for a few minutes, probably. Even if you don’t mind the initial touch, the prolonged contact can feel a little peculiar. Most people want me to stop after about a minute.” Foggy frowns. “But you said you needed more than one to get a good picture.” Matt shrugs. “Seriously? These people chicken out halfway through? Pathetic.” “You see what I mean though, right? I don’t want to put you in a position like that.” He smiles bracingly, not even looking halfway sincere. “Besides, I already said you’re good with words. I can probably get a good idea without touching you.” He’s backpedaling like a master, and Foggy almost wants to let him get away with it. This is clearly a sensitive subject with Matt, and it sounds like he’s gotten burned before. Still, it’s not something that Matt should feel guilty about asking. It’s a perfectly natural and logical thing to want. Plus, Foggy suddenly realizes that he really, really wants Matt to know what he looks like. “I have an idea.” Foggy tells him carefully. “And you can say no, okay?” “Alright.” Matt says warily. “What’s your idea?” “Okay.” Foggy bounces to his feet and moves so that he’s standing in front of Matt. Matt must hear him moving, because he looks up, expression fondly bemused. When Foggy drops to his knees in front of him, that fond bemusement dissolves into pure shock. “What are you doing?” He hisses, grabbing at Foggy’s shirt and trying to pull him to his feet. Foggy remains stubbornly stationary, letting himself become dead weight when, once again, Matt proves to be much stronger than Foggy expected. “What if people are watching?” “They aren’t.” Foggy tells him confidently. “I checked. And even if they were, I wouldn’t care. This isn’t something I’m embarrassed about doing.” Matt finally stops tugging, but keeps his hands tangled in Foggy’s shirt like he’s ready to start up again as soon as Foggy gives him a reason to. “Look, if we’re going to do this, it’ll be easier if you don’t have to twist yourself around like a pretzel to reach my face.” Matt looks unconvinced, but interested. “Yeah, I guess so. But even if you’re in front of me, that doesn’t change the fact that I don’t want to do this anymore. It was a stupid idea.” “Yes, you do, and no, it wasn’t. Isn’t.” Foggy tells him bluntly. “But because you don’t seem to believe that I’m okay with this—hell, that I want to do this—I have an offer for you.” Matt tilts his head, a habit that is more and more adorable every time he does it. It makes him look like a curious baby duck, which sounds extremely odd, but it’s the only thing that fits. Baby duck face. “I’m listening.” Matt says, sounding extremely guarded. Foggy’s hoping to fix that. “While you’re touching my face, I’ll close my eyes and touch yours.” “What?” Matt asks flatly, voice unreadable. He doesn’t even look surprised anymore, just blanked out. Like there’s so much going on his head that there’s no room left for it on his face. “That way if it’s awkward, it’ll be awkward for both of us.” Foggy explains. “And I won’t get bored just sitting there while you work, because I won’t just be sitting there while you work.” Matt is completely unresponsive. Foggy decides it’s time to bring out the big guns: feelings. “And I want… I want to understand what it’s like for you. I know what your face looks like, but I don’t know what it feels like. I want to know if I can build a picture too.” “Foggy…” Matt whispers, so soft Foggy has to strain to hear it, the sound almost carried away on the slight breeze. And there, there it is, Matt’s face is back online, and the sheer amount of hope, of gratitude, is both humbling and painful. Matt shouldn’t be grateful for this—Foggy’s being just as selfish as he is, which is not at all. They sit in silence for another minute or two, neither moving. The world continues to darken around them; Foggy thinks soon he might not even have to close his eyes in order to be on the same footing as Matt. “Are you going to--?” Matt finally asks, awkward, and Foggy chuckles softly. “I need you to show me how.” He reminds Matt, and the man breathes out a short little bite of laughter. He’s still nervous, it’s clear; he doesn’t think this is going to go well, for either of them. “Right. Just… stay still.” Matt orders, although it’s so tentative it sounds more like a question. Without waiting for an answer, he lifts his fingers up to Foggy’s face. The first brush of fingertips tells Foggy three things immediately about Matt Murdock: He has lived a hard life (callous-rough skin, a little scar on the tip of his left ring finger that must have hurt horribly at the time). He is gentle (rough hands so careful, so tender, like Foggy’s made all over of blown glass and spider webs). He is scared (fingers shaking, trembling as they light upon skin, light because he’s afraid he’ll push too hard). Foggy knew all of these things before Matt touched him, but he didn’t feel them. Not like this. “Glasses, Matt.” He rasps, and he mourns when the fingers fall away for a moment. Matt fumbles uncharacteristically, getting his glasses off, but he gets them tucked away in his pocket and then his fingers are back on Foggy’s face before Foggy has to say a word. Okay. His turn. He takes a deep breath, wipes his hands on his pants because he sweats when he’s nervous and he highly doubts Matt wants that all over his face. Then, with hands that are hopefully dry and clean enough, he reaches up. Matt is still as stone when Foggy presses his fingers where Matt pressed his, at the temples. He can feel a few flyaway strands of soft, dark hair brushing the sides of his knuckles, and has to resist an urge to take a detour and feel more of the silkiness there. He closes his eyes. The darkness swallows the world, but he hears Matt and feels Matt so he's not afraid. “Now what?” “You, you start at the hairline.” Matt says, voice rough. “You trace down, around the face to the chin, and then back up.” He starts dragging his fingers down, and Foggy fights a shiver as they brush tenderly over the rise of his cheekbones, down on each side until they cradle his jaw gently, so gently. The roughness of Matt’s skin rasps against the light stubble on Foggy’s face, and the feeling is unexpectedly pleasant. Foggy decides to think later on just why that is so pleasant, and focuses instead on repeating the motions. Matt has a naturally smooth complexion, something Foggy envies him for, but the scars on his face, those aren’t natural at all. They’re little, feeling mostly like the thin silver ones that you can’t see unless you’re looking for them—or running your hands over them, feeling out all the ridges and grooves. He has more of them than Foggy would have thought; he knows Matt’s not clumsy, which means he probably got them in a fight. “Did you get into a lot of fights as a kid?” He asks, and Matt tenses slightly. Foggy might not even have noticed if he didn’t have his fingers over Matt’s jaw when it clenched. “Yes.” Matt says slowly, a somber note in his voice. “I was lucky my father taught me before… I never lost a fight, even the ones I didn’t pick.” “Do you still fight?” Foggy asks, cautious. He wants to hear ‘no’. He wants to hear that Matt has no reason to have to defend himself anymore, that no one will try to hurt him. “Only when I have to.” Matt assures him. “Not many people pick fights with me anymore.” There’s a note of wry humor in his voice, a dark comedy. Foggy considers this, and after a moment gives a little laugh. “So, you actually did beat your muggers off with a stick, and now they’re all too scared to try.” He says, delighted, and Matt laughs with him. “I said I was tougher than you.” Matt reminds him, and Foggy hums thoughtfully. “Yeah, I guess you did.” He taps his fingers against Matt’s forehead, back to the start. “Now what?” Matt’s still smiling; he can feel it in the pull of the skin under his fingers. Foggy thinks he’s beginning to relax, maybe realize that Foggy’s not going to flip out on him. “This is the part that takes a while.” He warns. “There are no real rules about it. Everybody has a different way that works for them. The point is to get as much information as you can about the individual features, and then figure out how they work as a whole. How you do that is up to you.”  “Okay.” Foggy nods before remembering that he’s not supposed to move. “Sorry.” He feels Matt grinning, so he can’t be too mad. “Ready?” “Ready.” Matt begins by tracing around Foggy’s eyes, and Foggy drags careful fingers down the bridge of Matt’s nose. Still, even though they start differently, Foggy finds that they soon find a rhythm between them, thoughts aligned on the best way to build a picture. Great minds think alike, Foggy supposes, or maybe this is more proof that he and Matt were meant to meet each other. “Do you have freckles?” Matt asks, and Foggy hums a yes, carefully not nodding and throwing Matt’s hands off. “Yeah, little ones. You don’t, if you’re wondering.” Matt smiles. “Darn. I always liked freckles.” And now Matt’s going to feel Foggy’s face getting hot under his hands thanks to his traitorous, blush-prone Irish complexion. Fantastic. Matt’s grin widens, Foggy can feel it, but he doesn’t tease Foggy, the merciful bastard. Foggy can tell he’s still laughing on the inside. “And your eyes?” “Blue.” Foggy says simply, and Matt taps one finger under his eye, right over the cheekbone. “What kind of blue? Use your Crayola-ese.” “I knew you knew about that. Bastard.” Foggy thinks back. “Uh, maybe sky blue? Or cornflower. Something light.” “Blue. That’s what I imagined.” Matt muses proudly. “I knew they’d be blue.” Foggy feels his face heat further. Matt’s thought about this before? Clearly, the guy would be thinking about what his new friend looked like, sure, but he sounds so… pleased, personally gratified, like he’s won a wonderful prize by knowing that Foggy has blue eyes. “Good guess.” Foggy offers, and he realizes with horror that his voice is cracking. “Well, you already know what color your eyes are.” He never dares look at Matt’s eyes for too long; he knows Matt can’t see him, but somehow Matt will know anyway. Foggy’s sure of it. “Ah, yes. Muddy moss, right? Very flattering.” Matt teases him, but there’s a note of genuine joy underneath. Foggy remembers Matt’s tears when Foggy had described them to him, the wonderment. “Ah, but I did specify that it was a very pretty muddy moss.” Foggy points out lightly. He doesn’t tell Matt that Foggy was crying a little too, that day. “Of course.” Matt agrees, smile feeling wide and bright. And there, that’s the point of this whole thing. It’s a way to bring them closer, not to push them apart. It’s important and intimate, yes, but that doesn’t mean it can’t be fun. It should be fun—fun, and easy, and comfortable. “Hair?” Matt asks, one hand sliding up to run through Foggy’s longer hair. “You’re a carrot-top, aren’t you?” “I have a healthy amount of warm auburn highlights that compliment my skin tone, yes.” Foggy says stiffly. Matt laughs, one sharp, delighted sound. “You are! You’re a ginger. That’s fantastic.” He doesn’t even sound like he’s joking. Matt sounds like he is genuinely amazed by Foggy’s red hair. It’s a new feeling. “And you have dark brown, maybe a little that’s just black. Little bit of a curl. It’s very mysterious, sort of Byronic. But then your hair probably hasn’t changed that much since you were a kid.” “Well, certainly no one called it ‘Byronic’ when I was a kid, so that part’s new.” “Jerk.” Foggy can tell that Matt’s going to rejoin with something witty and smart-assed, hears him taking the breath, so to save his pride Foggy takes the initiative and brushes his fingertips across the one place he’d been avoiding like the plague this whole time: Matt’s lips. Whatever clever retort Matt had been planning is cut short with his sharp inhale of breath. “Oh.” Foggy can feel the word ghost across his fingertips, tangible, weighty. “Do you use Chapstick?” Foggy asks, partly because he wants to hide how much this is affecting him and partly because he’s curious. Matt shakes his head, causing his mouth to slide against Foggy’s fingers. It’s slightly damp with spit—Matt must have licked his lips earlier, and Foggy missed it—but rough. “You should. You strike me as a cherry kind of guy. I personally like—“ Matt’s index finger presses firmly against his lips, stopping Foggy’s babbling short. Foggy wants to open his eyes so much that it physically hurts him, but he said he wanted to feel this the way Matt does, and that means no peeking, no matter how much he needs to see the look on Matt’s face right now. What he’s thinking. What he’s feeling. “Say something.” Matt requests softly. “I want to know what it feels like when you speak.” Foggy considers blurting out something damning, like ‘You’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever met’, or ‘How can people think this is uncomfortable, it’s the best feeling in the world’, or even ‘I think I might be in love with you’. He opens his mouth, and what comes out is, “Avocado.” He hears Matt’s huff of incredulous laughter, feels it, and adds before he can stop himself, “Matt.”  Matt’s lips part. “Say it again.” Foggy doesn’t bother asking which part. “Matt.” Matt’s fingers run along the edges of his mouth, down over the swell of his bottom lip so that it just brushes the sensitive part inside. “Matt. Matthew Murdock. I don’t actually know your middle name, or I’d say that too.” “Michael.” Matt’s voice is hoarse, breaking over the second syllable. Foggy runs a finger along the seam of Matt’s mouth, chasing the word. “Matthew Michael Murdock.” He murmurs, tasting how the name feels in his mouth. Lots of mmm’s, like the sounds you make after waking up from a wonderful dream or getting a taste of something especially delicious. “I like it.” He smiles, and he makes sure his lips part a little under it so that the tips of Matt’s fingers slip just inside. Matt makes a choked sound. “Foggy.” He whispers, and Foggy has to admit, Matt has the right of things. Hearing and feeling his name on Matt’s lips at the same time is a heady feeling. It makes the connection between them seem palpable, a current running between them where their skin touches. And Matt’s leaning in, pushing them closer. His head tilts just a fraction under Foggy’s hands, and Foggy can feel the gust of Matt’s breath on his lips, warm and heavy and tasting of cinnamon. “I need—“ And then the world explodes.  Foggy wakes up to the sound of a leaking pipe, the smell of gunpowder, and the worst headache he’s ever had. When he tries to rub the sleep from his eyes, he realizes that he also woke up trussed up like a turkey. The only thing missing is a side of stuffing and cranberry sauce. “Oh, you have got to be kidding me.” “Foggy?” A voice says, hoarse and cracked, and it takes Foggy a second to realize that the voice is Matt. He sounds terrible. He also sounds close, so Foggy turns his head this way and that until Matt comes into view, maybe ten feet from Foggy, close enough to get a pretty good look at his face but not close enough to touch. In addition to sounding like he’s been chain-smoking for about thirty years, Matt also looks like he got hit with a bus. He’s got a split lip and a black eye and a few cuts on his face that are probably going to need stitches. He’s also bound just like Foggy, except there’s a hell of a lot more rope around him and holy hell it’s not rope it’s barbed fucking wire. There are trails of blood where Foggy is sure that Matt struggled against the bonds, the stubborn bastard, and some of the trails are worryingly thick. “Matt! Jesus, what did they do to you?” He swallows hard, staring at the blood. “Are you okay?” It’s a dumb question—Matt’s lost maybe a pint of blood and he’s losing more every moment he’s tied up in barbed fucking wire, of course he’s not okay. Matt, however, just gives a shaky laugh. “I’m fine. It’s you I was worried about. They said they might have hit you too hard, brain damage, and I can hear your heart but I can’t hear your head and you weren’t waking up and god, Foggy, you weren’t waking up—“ “Matt.” Matt stops, and Foggy hears him take a shaky breath, sees it in the heave of his shoulders. Matt winces when the wire across his chest cuts a little deeper, and Foggy sees a few beads of blood well up. “How long was I out?” “Three hours, maybe?” Matt says, voice subdued. “It felt like longer.” Foggy stares at him. “Three hours.” He repeats flatly, because that’s longer then he ever slept at one time in law school, and he’s pretty sure that getting brained is not an acceptable sleep aid. “And you were awake this whole time?” Matt nods, looking miserable. “Dude, that sucks.” “It wasn’t the most pleasant three hours I’ve ever spent, no.” Matt says with a faint note of humor. “But it wasn’t the worst either.” Foggy stares at him. “That is terrifying, and I hope to god you are joking.” Matt does not sound like he’s joking, and he’s not smiling. “What was the worst three hours you’ve ever spent?” “My father’s funeral.” Matt says simply, and Foggy nods slowly because of course Matt would pick emotional pain over physical. And Matt really does not need to be miserable on top of being maimed, so instead of saying how sorry he is and drawing it out, he jokes weakly, “Mine was probably the bar exam." Matt looks startled for a second, and then he laughs. It sounds a little less anemic than the one he gave when he said he was okay. Foggy thinks that’s because the way Matt laughs when he's lying sounds nothing like the way Matt laughs when he's happy.  “I’m so glad you’re awake.” Matt whispers after a moment, voice thick, and Foggy thinks of Matt sitting here alone in the silence for three hours, not knowing if Foggy was going to live. Except Matt wasn’t sitting here alone, was he? “Why were they hitting you?” He asks, and watches as Matt tenses and curls a little in on himself, which tightens the wire and is probably going to be hell when he sits up again. “They’re the mob. I’m pretty sure beating people up is their national sport.” Foggy narrows his eyes. Matt’s body is still, but his eyes are shifty as hell. Those bastards took Matt’s glasses. “Yeah,” he agrees slowly. “It kind of is, but they don’t tend to hogtie people with barbed wire before they beat them up. That sort of seems like a personal touch.” Matt swallows, hard, and then opens his mouth. Foggy cuts him off, because he knows that face. “Are you seriously going to lie to me? Now, when it is literally a life and death situation?” Matt closes his mouth. They spend probably a good minute in taut silence, Foggy glaring into Matt’s hazel eyes even though the bastard can’t appreciate it (and he can only really see one eye, the other one’s almost swollen shut, and it makes Foggy feel sick under the growing frustration). Matt keeps doing this thing where his lips part just a little, like he’s about to say something, and then he closes it again before he even starts. “You know, lying by omission is pretty much as bad, at least in current circumstances.” He offers pointedly, and Matt does the little open-shut thing with his mouth before finally saying quietly, “They took you because of me.” The guilt is so thick Foggy can almost taste it in his voice, and Matt sounds as serious and formal as if he’s in confession. Foggy snorts. “Yeah, I already figured that out. I got the standard rope, remember? Rope is what they give you when you haven’t royally pissed them off. Now you’re going to tell me why they kidnapped you, and why they kidnapped me by association, and it is going to be a damn good explanation that will answer all of my questions and make this jackhammer in my brain worth it.” He’s maybe a little snappish, partly because Matt’s being cagey about something that is endangering both of their lives, and partly because his head hurts like a motherfucker and he gets testy when he’s in excruciating pain. “I’ve been interfering with their sale of illegal arms and drugs for the past six months. I’ve maybe cost them a couple million dollars, and also a fair portion of their manpower.” Well. Foggy can see why Matt had a little trouble coming up with how to say that tactfully. Unfortunately his twenty false starts didn’t do much to polish the delivery. “Interfering.” He repeats, and he’s not sure whether his tone is blank or hysterical. He's feeling a little bit both. “What exactly does ‘interfering’ entail here, Matt?” “Uh.” Matt starts eloquently. “Neutralizing all hostile parties and acquisitioning monetary assets on the premises for proper redistribution?” Which, Foggy is a lawyer and he’s used to obfuscating. He, in fact, speaks fluent bullshit. “So you’re a hypocritical vigilante who commits crimes against criminals.” He translates, and Matt hesitates before nodding. “Okay then. I mean, sure, you lied and told me you were a freelance business consult… oh. Oh, that’s tacky. That’s like Hannibal Lector saying how much he loves having people for dinner.” Matt looks like he wants to shrug insouciantly, but the barbed wire is stopping him. “I mean, it wasn’t actually a lie. I work freelance, and I spend a lot of time dealing with organizations and their funds.” Matt points out. “Yeah, criminal organizations!” Foggy really wants to flail right now so that Matt gets the point. “That is the stupidest, most suicidal thing I have ever heard! What do you even do with the money? You clearly don’t spend it on home décor.” “Not much point, is there?” Matt says wryly, and Foggy huffs. “You thought the Braille-inlaid statues I got you were pretty cool, as I recall.” Matt’s dry smile softens to something tender and more endearing than it has any right to be at the moment. “They were beautiful, Foggy.” He agrees. “Best gift I ever got.” “Well, you’re welcome, I—“ Foggy shakes his head. “No! I am not letting you distract me with gooey declarations. What do you do with the money, Matt?” Matt is silent for a moment, and Foggy knows he’s trying to find the right words to lie without actually lying, which is apparently a hobby. Freelance business consultant, Foggy’s ass. “I keep a little, like a commission I guess, but most of it goes to the group I work for.” “Work for—there are more of you? How does that even—so what, you rob from the rich and give to yourselves, and to hell with the consequences?” “We’re crippling organized crime throughout the world!” Matt snaps. “No funds means no buying, which means no selling, which means the world becomes a safer place when the guns and drugs are off the streets!” “You are a fucking hypocrite, and so are your friends!” Foggy hisses back. “Going around and busting up a warehouse or two isn’t going to solve the crime epidemic, you idiot. There will always be more scumbags to step into the empty places, and they’ll be more careful and one day, you are going to get caught and find yourself tied to a chair with barbed wire and surrounded by a crime syndicate with a—very valid—vendetta against you.” “I knew the risks.” Matt says stonily. “Stick was very clear.” Stick, what the hell? Is that a person, or does Matt talk to his walking stick? If Matt talks to his walking stick, things are significantly worse in Matt's head than Foggy previously assumed. Foggy assumed things were pretty damn bad. Foggy wants so badly to smack Matt it’s not even funny, right up until he sees that someone else smacked Matt first and the sight of it makes Foggy ill with anger and sympathy. “Yeah? Did your cane tell you that one of the risks was dragging your best friend down with you?” He mutters quietly, and as soon as it’s out of his mouth he wishes he could take it back. Matt, solid as a self-righteous mountain, crumbles like dust. As he sags, the barbed wire cuts deeper and new rivulets of blood blossom on his skin. He doesn’t even seem to notice. “I’m so sorry.” Matt gasps, sounding like he’s got no breath left in his lungs. “I knew I shouldn’t have gotten close to you, we’re not supposed to have connections outside the clan. They’re distractions, they’re weak spots, but I met you and I couldn’t help it.” He takes a deep shuddering breath. “I was selfish, and now you’re paying for it.” “Jesus, Matt.” No connections. That explains why Matt never mentioned any family or friends. No fucking connections. “No, look, I’m an asshole. I don’t blame you; it’s not like you planned this. And, listen, because this is important.” He waits until Matt nods hesitantly to show he’s giving Foggy his full attention. “Meeting you was probably the best thing that’s ever happened to me, alright? Kidnapping notwithstanding, these last few months have been some of the happiest in my life, and if you regret being with me, I swear to god I will strangle you with that wire when I get free. Okay?” Matt’s one visible eye blinks slowly, and it looks significantly wetter than it did a moment ago. His throat works visibly. “Okay.” He repeats meekly, tilting his head down so that Foggy can’t see his face well. “I don’t regret meeting you.” He adds in a whisper. “I regret letting this happen, but I’ll never regret meeting you. You’re the best friend I’ve ever had, and the only one I’ve ever wanted.” Which, wow. That’s pretty heavy. But then Foggy pretty much just declared his undying love for Matt without actually saying the words, so he supposes they’re about on the same page. “Good.” He says decisively, then has a stupid idea. “Hey, Matt?” “Yeah?” Matt asks quietly. Foggy smiles at him as big and bright as he can, because he hopes that somehow Matt will know it’s there even if he can’t see it. “I have been, and always shall be, your friend.” Matt makes a choking sound that might be a laugh and might be a sob. “God, you’re such a dork.” His voice is strangled and breaks a couple times along the way and it was definitely more of a sob than a laugh. “You’re such a dork. I love that about you. God, I love everything. Foggy, I lo—“ The door opens. “Well, this is sweet. You two are better than a soap opera.” The newcomer drawls. His voice is surprisingly light and breathy for a man of his size. The guy is huge, but Foggy bets that not an inch of it is fat. He moves like a fighter, sort of like a bear, and there is something wild and feral about him that contrasts with his tastefully-cut suit. “Thanks.” Foggy tells him through a sharp smile. “I always wanted to be an actor when I was a kid.” The man smirks at him, a poisonous, simpering thing. “Yes, but then you decided to become a lawyer instead. Graduated top of your class from Columbia—very impressive, your mother and sisters were very proud, weren’t they?” Foggy gasps and reels back. He knows that anyone could figure that out if they tried, it’s public record, but that doesn’t change the fact that this guy tried. “Don’t worry, I have no desire to harm your family.” The man assures him, like Foggy’s going to take his word about anything. He shrugs. “Actually, I have no real desire to harm you, but unfortunately, needs must.” “No needs.” Foggy protests earnestly. “There are no needs here regarding bodily harm, promise.” When the man steps closer, Foggy wriggles to get away although there’s nowhere to go. “I’m inclined to disagree.” He murmurs in his breathy way. “Ah, but I’ve been rude. I haven’t even introduced myself. I do apologize.” “That’s the part of this you think deserves an apology?” Foggy asks incredulously, and the man tuts. “Your current position is quite necessary, I assure you, but there is never any excuse for rudeness.” He dips his head politely. “My name is Wilson Fisk, and I’ve been looking forward to meeting your companion for quite some time now.” Foggy blinks. “Do you normally give out your full legal name to people you kidnap? At least, I’m assuming that’s your legal name, because no one would choose to call themselves ‘Wilson Fisk’.” Jesus, his motor mouth. He babbles when he’s nervous, and he’s pretty fucking nervous right now. “Named after my grandfather.” Fisk explains cheerfully. “Wonderful man, taught me everything I know.” Which means he's a psychopath by both nature and nurture. Lovely. “Fisk, there’s no reason to involve him. He hasn’t done anything to you.” Matt says, low and clear. Fisk laughs airily. “No, of course he hasn't.” He agrees agreeably. “But I’m afraid he’s already involved. Which was rather—oh, what was the word you used? Ah, yes. It was rather selfish of you.” Matt flinches. “If you heard that, you heard the bit about me strangling people with wire when they piss me off.” Foggy grits out. “Guess who just pissed me off?” “I think you’ll find that you actually need the use of your hands to strangle anyone, and that’s not a luxury you have anymore.” Fisk pulls out his phone and types something onto the screen before slipping it back into his pocket. “But don’t worry, I’m sure we can find something else to keep you occupied.” Which does not sound good. Matt seems to agree because he starts talking again. “Stop. You have what you wanted, just stop.” He says, and he doesn’t sound defiant like Foggy thought he would. He sounds scared. A man walks into the room, obviously following the summons sent from Fisk’s phone, and he’s got a gun in a holster and a baton in his hand. No, not a baton--a cattle prod. Fucking hell. “But I’m afraid that I don’t have what I want, Mr.—oh, but I’m afraid I don’t know your last name. I’ll just call you Matt, shall I? Since we’re all friends here.” “Do not ever call me Matt.” Matt hisses, and Fisk chuckles. “Well, Matt, I’m sure that you realize that while capturing you is a nice opening move, it’s not my endgame.” He steps closer to Foggy, and so does Cattle Prod Man. “You see, I’m a business man. I deal in goods and services… and information.” Matt goes rigid. “And there’s quite a demand at the moment for information on your particular group of associates.”  “Go to hell.” Matt says succinctly, and Fisk shrugs, shooting Foggy a smarmy, commiserating smile. “He’s been saying that for the past three hours. Very stubborn, and I like to think I can be rather persuasive.” Foggy looks over at the broken and bruised Matt and swallows hard. Matt sits there, tall and defiant, and Foggy wants to hug him for being so brave. Sure, Matt’s ‘friends’ seem like a piss-poor group of human beings, but they’re important enough to Matt that he’s willing to take a serious beating for them. Foggy has to admire his loyalty. “Good boy, Matty.” He murmurs, and he sees Matt’s lips turn up into a small smile. Fisk does not appear to enjoy this sign of camaraderie, because before Foggy can even think of ducking he’s slamming a fist into the side of Foggy’s head. The pain that had faded into a persistent buzz in the back of his mind explodes anew, and he gasps out a sound of pain before he can stop himself. Fisk stands back, flexing his hand and looking very little like a guy who ‘has no real desire to harm Foggy’. The guy looks like it’s fucking Christmas. “You punch like a girl.” Foggy rasps, and Fisk laughs and raises his hand again. Foggy refuses to flinch even though he knows it’s coming, and he congratulates himself on not crying out this time. When Fisk follows it with a swift strike of his foot against the length of Foggy’s tibia, he only shouts a little. He’s not sure, but he thinks the bone might have cracked; he’d bet money that Fisk’s leather shoes have hidden steel toes. “And you kick like a paraplegic.” “Foggy.” Matt hisses at him, and Foggy thinks Matt wants him to shut up before Fisk gets mad. Foggy knows though, it doesn’t matter a whit if Fisk’s mad at him. This isn’t about him, it’s about Matt, and Fisk obviously wants Matt to suffer.
 
“I’m fine, Matt.” Foggy lies. “I’ve taken worse beatings on the playground.” “Is that a challenge?” Fisk asks, cold eyes lighting up, and Foggy watches in dawning horror as he gestures to his minion for the prod. The minion gives him what might be a sympathetic look as he hands over the prod and leaves the room; Foggy could care less. Sympathy doesn’t mean squat unless you actually act on it. Foggy eyes the prod with trepidation. Truthfully, Foggy knows he can take a punch or two, even if he’d rather not, but he’s not sure how well he can handle being electrocuted with enough juice to take out an animal three times his size. “No, absolutely not.” Foggy assures him. “I’m not a competitive person.” “I am.” Fisk admits before turning to Matt. “But I’m not an unreasonable one. If you tell me the location of your base and the names of your associates, I promise that no more harm will come to either you or your companion.” It’s so obviously a lie that it’s not even funny, although Foggy still has a hysterical desire to laugh. Matt seems to think so too, because he licks his lips and says quietly, “I don’t care what you do to me.” The worst part is, Foggy thinks he means it. Matt really doesn’t consider himself important enough to give a second thought to. “I care what he does to you!” Foggy reminds him sharply, and when Matt sends him a warning look Foggy points out bluntly, “It’s not like he doesn’t know that.” Fisk considers Foggy for a moment. “If I do not receive my information in the next minute, one of you is going to be introduced to my associate.” He tosses the prod lightly in one hand, flicking the controls to turn it on. “Are you offering yourself for the position?” “No—“ Matt shouts at the same time that Foggy says firmly, “Yes.” Fisk shrugs his shoulders. “I was going to pick you anyway, but it’s very nice of you to volunteer.” He tells Foggy. He turns to Matt when the man makes an angry sound. “Of course, we still have…” He glances at his watch. “Forty-five seconds. There’s plenty of time for you to save him.” Matt growls and begins struggling again, and Foggy watches in horror as more and more wounds open on his body. After only a few moments of this, he can’t take it. “Matt, unless you honestly think you can get out of that wire in the next forty seconds, stop.” Matt continues struggling for another five, and then finally goes limp. “Thank you.” Foggy says gratefully, although if he’s being honest he was sort of hoping Matt thought he could get out of that wire in the next forty—thirty-five—seconds. “I can’t tell him.” Matt croaks, and he’s crying again and turning his head towards Foggy like he needs to say this eye-to-eye, even if only one of them has working eyes. “Foggy, I can’t. It would kill so many people…” “Okay.” Foggy tells him calmly. Matt freezes, stricken. “It’s okay, Matt. You’re doing the right thing.” “I don’t want to do the right thing!” Matt shouts, and he sounds tortured, absolutely wrecked. “I don’t want to…” He murmurs again, brokenly, and Foggy thinks about how much it must cost Matt to say that. He’d given a speech less than twenty minutes ago about how he’s devoted his whole life to doing what he believes is the right thing, and now he’s acting like that speech meant nothing. “Twenty seconds.” Fisk says helpfully, and Foggy shoots him a venomous look. Fisk knows nothing’s going to happen in the next twenty seconds; he’s just doing this to torture Matt. Foggy wriggles again in his seat. Even though he knows Fisk is doing this to be a dick, he’s grateful for the extra time. “Fifteen seconds.” Matt shudders. “Ten seconds.” “I can give you a list of the syndicates we’ve hit. Every one.” Matt offers, a desperate plea. Fisk chuckles. “I can get that from a newspaper. Five seconds.” He hoists the prod enticingly. Foggy isn’t sure if he’s imagining the menacing hum emanating from it. If he can actually hear it, it must be deafening to Matt. “It’ll be okay, Matt.” Foggy tells him quietly. “Three. Two. One.” Foggy was prepared for pain, but he thinks there is nothing in the world that could have prepared him for this. It’s like being set on fire and getting frostbite at the same time, and underneath it all the bubbling jolt of pain that comes from getting a shock. Foggy, as a precocious and stupid child, had once stuck his finger in a socket—this is about a million times worse than that. “I thought…” He gasps when Fisk pulls the prod away and Foggy can breathe through his tears, “That those things were supposed to prod, not push you into an electrified cactus patch.” Fisk grins down fondly at the baton. “This one is specially modified.” He confides like a proud parent. “The standard models just don’t seem to get the job done.” “Huh.” Foggy wants to say something clever, but he’s still recovering. All his muscles feel like pulverized jelly. “Nothing too strong, of course—we need you to stay conscious, or else what’s the point? But it tends to send a compelling message.” Fisk continues like Foggy asked him to. Foggy ignores him, because he doesn’t need to know the details of his torture device (knowing it hurts like hell is already too much information in Foggy’s mind). He looks towards Matt to see how he’s taking it. Matt doesn’t actually appear to be breathing. Foggy would worry that he passed out, except that Matt’s eyes are open and they seem to be focusing on Foggy like there’s nothing else in the world. It’s impossible that they’re focusing on anything, but that’s what it feels like. “Matt?” He rasps. “You still with me?” Matt shakes his head, throat working. Foggy isn’t sure whether he’s saying he’s not still with Foggy, or if he’s just expressing rejection of the situation as a whole. Foggy can get on board with the second one. “I’m fine, Matt.” He’s not fine, but Matt doesn’t need to know that. Besides, Fisk said the shocks weren’t enough to knock him out. If he’s conscious, that means he’s alive, and Fisk is going to keep him that way as long as possible to attack Matt. “I’m clearly not trying hard enough.” Fisk muses, and then the prod’s back and when Foggy’s brain finally comes back online, he tastes blood in his mouth. He carefully rolls his tongue to make sure he still has it, and finds after a moment of prodding that he’s bitten the inside of his cheek—hard, but not enough to cause permanent damage. “A for effort.” Foggy wheezes, and Matt makes a little sound of pain. Fisk glances over at him, almost absently. It’s like he’s forgotten the reason he’s here, like he’s gotten so distracted by torturing Foggy that he’s not even trying to get the information anymore. It's a chilling thought. “Still nothing to add to the conversation?” Fisk asks, tutting. “I suppose you’re not as invested in Mr. Nelson’s welfare as I thought. You don’t care at all, do you?” Foggy knows this is complete bullshit even before he gets a good look at Matt. The man’s clearly struggled at some point while Foggy was out of it, and that barbed wire is going to have to be cut out of him, Jesus. “I know you care, Matt.” Foggy tells him quietly, and Matt makes another horrible little sound and swallows hard. He’s close to breaking, even Foggy can see that. Another zap or two and he’ll be singing like a canary. All those lives, all of his partners-in-crime, given up to save Foggy. And it’s not worth it; even if Foggy survives, he knows Matt will kill himself with the guilt. There’s no win here. “I must admit that I’m impressed, Mr. Nelson. More hardened men than you have broken before now. It’s a pity; from what I’ve heard, you’re quite a promising arrival on the legal scene. I can always use another lawyer.” Fisk muses. “Not… happening.” Foggy gets out through deep breaths. “Bet you…don’t even…have dental.” Fisk responds by fairly stabbing Foggy with the cattle prod, with is a pretty effective rebuttal. While the aftershocks ripple through him, Foggy lets himself go completely limp, head falling forward and eyes shut. There’s no breath left for anything snarky, or even anything comforting to tell Matt; even if there was, he wouldn’t use it. He’s saving it. He carefully wiggles his hands while moving the rest of his arms as little as possible. All of his earlier wriggling had covered up his attempts to loosen the knots around his wrists, and with a few rather painful twists and yanks, he feels the ropes slip over his hands. He catches the loop before it can fall to the ground and keeps it clenched in his fists, listening while Fisk starts talking. “Oh, dear. I think I might have overdone it a bit.” He’s telling Matt. “I can get a little… overzealous sometimes. Now we’ll have to wait for him to wake up again.” “Please.” Matt whispers, and any trace of fight has left him. “Please stop.” “You can make me stop any time you want. All you have to do is tell me what I want to know.” Fisk cajoles. “Your friend could wake up safe in his own bed, all of this like a bad dream. All you have to do is tell the truth.” He sounds so affable about it, so reasonable. Foggy thinks this is what the Devil sounds like when he’s trying to make a deal. “I…” Matt starts, almost inaudible. He takes a deep, shuddering breath, and Foggy knows this is it. This is where Matt Murdock gives up his life’s work, betrays his own beliefs, just to save Foggy’s hide. It’s incredibly flattering, but for Matt’s own wellbeing Foggy decides that he can’t let it happen. His eyes flick open. Fisk’s turned away from him, all his attention on Matt, and Foggy sees the telltale glint just visible under the hem of his suit jacket. He’s seen enough crime shows to know what’s there. Marci taught him to shoot. Foggy had hated the idea of using a gun, but Marci had insisted that if he was going to live in the heart of Hell’s Kitchen, he needed to know how to handle a gun even if he wasn’t going to carry one. You never know when you’ll need it, she’d told Foggy. You’ll thank me later. When Foggy grabs the gun and shoots Fist pointblank in the back, he dutifully promises to thank Marci everyday for the rest of his life. Fisk falls like a sack of potatoes, and Foggy only spares one moment to think don’t be dead, you bastard, I don’t want to be a murderer, before he’s working furiously on the ropes around his legs. When he finally gets them off and struggles to his feet, only barely managing to keep his balance through the pins and needles going through his legs, he wastes no time stumbling over to Matt. He thinks that Matt might have passed out; his eyes are closed. When Foggy gets closer though, he realizes that Matt’s got them squeezed shut, and he’s whispering over and over almost too low to hear, “Thank you, thank you, thank you.”  “Don’t thank me yet, Matty. I still have to get you out of this stuff without killing you.” Matt exhales shakily and opens his eyes. He looks wrecked, and his teeth are chattering a little from residual adrenaline. “I heard the gun go off, and I didn’t know… It was so loud. I couldn’t hear your heartbeat, and I thought—“ He swallows hard. Foggy blinks at him, mystified. “Couldn’t hear my—no, you know what? It doesn’t matter right now. Later you are going to tell me about the heartbeat thing and how that’s possible, but now…” He looks Matt over and does not like what he sees. “If I start trying to untangle you, is that just going to make things worse? You don’t look like you can stand to lose any more blood, Matt.” “No, I should be fine. It probably looks worse than it is. I'll bet I won’t even need stitches.” Matt diagnoses optimistically. “You’re getting stitches.” Foggy tells him flatly, circling him to try to figure out where the hell he’s supposed to start. “So I just, what? Unwind it?” Matt nods, wincing. “Sorry, I know you don’t like the sight of blood.” He says contritely. For a moment, all Foggy can do is stare at him. “The sight of—Are you serious?” Matt blinks up at him, confused. “Oh my god, you’re serious. Look, Matt, my squeamishness is the least of our worries right now. Besides, I think I’m becoming desensitized at this point.” “Sorry.” Matt says again, and Foggy decides that Matt is stupid from blood loss and ignores him. “Okay, I’m going in.” Matt barely flinches when Foggy starts unwinding the wire, beginning at his feet—in case they need to run before he’s done, and he hates that he has to think of things like that now—and he doesn’t make any sound. Matt and Foggy are going to be having a long talk about the origins of Matt’s disturbingly high pain tolerance. A thought strikes Foggy. “How much time do you think we have before the goons come to check out the gunshot?” “A while.” Matt assures him. “They’re not around—they don’t like being close to him. I’ll let you know if one’s coming.” Foggy glances at him briefly before returning to his work. “Yet another skill you are going to be explaining to me once we get out of here. It’s like you have bat ears.” He’s freed Matt’s legs and he’s working on the torso, carefully ignoring the small trickles of blood that follow his efforts. Foggy’s being as careful as he can, but he feels like he’s diffusing a bomb without a manual. While wearing oven mitts. “I’ll tell you everything.” Matt swears earnestly. “I promise.” “I get the feeling that might take a while.” Foggy mutters, before exclaiming “Aha!” when the wire finally comes off Matt in one long, stiff string. “Can you walk?” Matt nods and levers himself to his feet, only swaying for a second before Foggy reaches out to steady him. Matt uses the hand Foggy offers to grab him and tug him along rather quickly in what has to be a completely random direction. “Follow me, okay?” He tells Foggy, and Foggy gapes incredulously at the back of his head. “Follow the blind guy through completely unfamiliar, hostile territory? The blind guy who is bleeding out before my eyes, and probably only half-conscious right now?” Matt makes a frustrated noise. “I’m not bleeding out.” He claims indignantly. “I told you it’s not as bad as it looks. And…” He hesitates, although his steps never falter as he weaves them expertly through rows of boxes and equipment. “And I know where I’m going.” “How do you know where you’re going?” Foggy asks slowly, and he’s not trying to be suspicious but it’s hard not to be when Matt’s acting shady as hell. “Have you been here before?” “Later.” Matt urges, and tugs him faster. Foggy knows it’s a cop-out, but he decides to give the severely injured man a bit of slack. They move along in silence for a while, until they reach a door. Matt carefully pushes it open and they stumble out. There’s sunlight. Foggy isn’t sure why, but he’d somehow been assuming it was night. The light hurts his eyes. “Hey Matt?” Matt makes a humming sound, guiding them briskly down an alleyway. “Yeah?” “This still wasn’t as bad as the bar exam.” Matt laughs, and it’s only a little bit broken.  Matt can see. Foggy isn’t sure why this is the part that bothers him the most. He thinks that being tied to a chair and electrocuted should probably trouble him more, or the fact that Matt was a super ninja member of a shady organization known as the Chaste (Foggy wonders if membership comes with a free purity ring). Matt says that he’s been excommunicated from the group for being ‘emotionally compromised’ and ‘endangering the clan’, and Foggy’s also pretty pissed off at these Chaste assholes for thinking that having feelings makes Matt weak. And apparently Matt had kept visiting him at night because he needed a caffeine stop before his nightly suicidal excursions for said group of assholes (he assures Foggy that after the first time, he'd mostly gone for Foggy and the coffee had just been a nice bonus, but Foggy's not convinced). So there’s a lot to be upset about. But for some reason it’s the blind thing that his mind just can’t let go of. Matt says it’s not ‘seeing’, not really. It’s his other senses filling in the blanks. Smell, heat, touch, hearing— “Wait, so you actually do have bat ears?” Foggy clarifies. “You are a crime-fighting vigilante with bat-themed superpowers? Dude, you are actually Batman.” “Batman didn’t actually have enhanced senses.” Matt points out helpfully, and Foggy glares at him. “Can you see me glaring at you right now?” He asks, and Matt shakes his head, smiling a little ruefully. “I can feel it, though.” He admits. “Sometimes I swear you have heat vision, because I can always tell when you’re glaring at me.” “Can you tell when I’m smiling at you?” Foggy blurts out before he can stop himself, and Matt freezes. “Uh.” Matt says, looking uncomfortable. “Yeah, sort of. I mean, I can tell when you’re happy, from your heart and the way you move, and I can sense when you’re looking at me, so I just sort of… guess? Hope.” He adds quietly, staring down at his hands and looking a little miserable. Foggy knows this whole honesty thing has been tough on him, and they’ve been at it for a while. He takes a moment to look at Matt. He's left the glasses off, which Foggy is grateful for; there don't need to be any more barriers between them making this harder. It looks like he’s healing up okay; after a week, the swelling around his eye is finally starting to fade, and the split in his lip is completely faded. There are still bandages peeking out from under his shirt, but Matt had been right when he said it wasn’t as bad as it looked. Matt hadn’t even wanted to go to the hospital, but Foggy had put his foot down. They’d been taken care of by a lovely nurse named Claire who had seen to the injuries efficiently and not asked too many questions. He wonders what on earth she imagined they’d done to get the injuries, but he’d appreciated her discretion all the same. She had also firmly insisted that Matt get stitches for the worst of the cuts, for which Foggy is eternally grateful. He thinks that if he can get her information, he’s going to send her the biggest bouquet of flowers he can get his hands on, and maybe a muffin basket. After the hospital, Matt had made sure Foggy got home, asked him not to file a police report, and assured him that he was going to ‘handle it’ and find Foggy when everything was ‘taken care of’. Foggy still isn’t sure whether Matt purposefully chose the vaguest, most menacing words possible, or if that’s just the way Matt’s wired. So Foggy had let him go (even with Matt missing maybe half his blood, in light of recent revelations Foggy isn’t sure he could have stopped him) and only broken down and called him after five whole hours. Matt, the bastard, had unfortunately ditched the crumby phone Foggy had previously pitied him for and now realizes was a freaking burner phone because apparently Matt's life is a freaking spy movie.
 
And then Matt walks into his apartment, not even knocking, after a week, and tells him in a funeral-voice that they need to have The Talk. So here they are, Matt huddled on the couch and Foggy perched on the coffee table in front of him, and having the most surreal conversation in Foggy’s life. Blind-not-blind ninjas, honestly.  But Foggy’s frustration aside, Matt’s looking absolutely wretched and Foggy sort of hates it, so he sighs and leans forward a little. “Matty?” “Yes?” Matt asks warily, still looking a little embarrassed by his admission that he can tell Foggy’s emotional state by his heartbeat. Foggy touches his knee gently. “I’m smiling at you right now. In case you need a point of reference.” Matt, after a moment of stunned silence, gives that sweet shy smile that snared Foggy the night they met. It still makes his heart skip a beat, and just because he knows Matt can hear it now doesn’t mean he can help it. “Good to know.” Matt says softly, beaming. “I know you think I was lying about my sight, and I’d give just about everything for you to be right, for just this moment. I want to know what it looks like. Your smile.” It’s too raw, and Foggy’s laugh is too thick as a result. “It’s a pretty plain smile, Matt. A little goofy right now, and definitely sappy. You tend to bring that out in me.” Matt’s own smile becomes a little goofy, and he ducks his head in that way that makes Foggy want to ruffle his hair and pull him in for a kiss. He is so completely gone on this man. Which, since Matt’s in the mood for soul-baring confessions… “Back at the warehouse, you started to say something. You said that you ‘lo--‘-ed me.” Matt goes very still, smile fading. Foggy licks his lips. “And I really want to fill in that blank, Matt, you have no idea how much I want to fill in that blank, but if I do I’m terrified I'll find out you were actually saying something about loaning me money or locating my lost wallet or maybe lo—“ “I love you.” Matt tells him gently, subdued. “That’s what I was going to say.” He looks like he’s expecting a rejection, all scrunched in on himself and jaw clenched, and that’s even more upsetting than the blind thing. “If you had, I would have told you that it was mutual.” Foggy informs him honestly. “Still is.” And just in case Matt needs to hear the words, Foggy adds softly, “I love you, Matt.” Matt turns his face towards him like he’s a sunflower and Foggy’s the sun. “You’re not lying.” He affirms, seemingly to himself. “Your heart says you’re not lying.” “I’m not sure I’ll ever get used to that.” Foggy tells him frankly. “But I will learn to love your freaky bat-sense because it’s part of the package, and I’m pretty damn fond of the package.” Matt stares at him blankly for a long moment, and then he gives a long, slow blink and pinches himself on the arm. “Seriously?” Foggy laughs. “If this was a dream I’d be much more smooth about the whole thing.” Matt’s shy smile is back, and he bites his lip. “If this was a dream," Matt says slowly, "I’d be tempted to do this,” He leans forward and brushes the softest, sweetest kiss against Foggy’s mouth before pulling away a little. His eyes are full to the brim with so much love that it makes Foggy breathless. It feels like Matt’s stolen all the air out of him through that kiss. “And you’d be so happy, and then you’d… you’d kiss me back.” His voice falters on the last word, timid. Foggy licks his lips. He can still taste Matt on them. “I’m so happy.” He murmurs dutifully, and kisses Matt back.  ‘And you’re looking lovely today Mrs Bernstein may I add. Have you done something to your hair? Or is it just your natural glow?’ Danny says, presenting her bagel with a flourish and a half bow, making her blush like a virginal nun, which Stiles knows for a fact isn’t the truth seeing as she has 18 grandchildren. Stiles snorted where he stood at the coffee machine, Danny was laying it on especially thick today but the lil' ol' ladies or LOL’s, the staff liked to call them, were lapping it up. It was that and Danny’s irresistible dimples that were making the grannies blush from the roots of their tightly permed white hair to the soles of their ‘comfy’ shoes. Despite the fact that Danny was old enough to be their grandson and gay as the fourth of July, they always took off giggling like schoolgirls and leaving a huge tip in his tip jar. Stiles would be happy about that if it weren’t for the fact that it was all for the Game. The Game that Danny was the undisputed champion of because of the dimples and the compliments and, let’s face it, the tanned muscled arms encased in a too tight white t-shirt, that Stiles, could not get away with, not in a million years. Not to mention his cross gender appeal, because despite being gay, Danny managed to charm just about anyone, from 16 year old schoolgirls on their way to the mall to ‘straight as a pin’ business men who always left with a spring in their step and a slightly confused grin on their face after being served by Danny. Yep, Danny even had the ability to make even the straightest, sexually repressed of men momentarily question their sexuality and for them to be ok with that. Because it was Danny and Danny was fucking brilliant. And Stiles would usually love him for it except for the fact that Danny won the Game almost every fucking day of the week.  Which meant he got to keep all the tips, and not just his own, but Stiles’, Isaac’s as well.  The Game had been a competition conceived by the owner of ‘Coaches’ Cupcake Coffee House’ Coach Finstock (which he insisted on being called coach despite retiring from Beacon Hills High school for two years) who had decided that the customer service skills of his barista’s and sales staff wasn’t cutting it. It also may or may not have been a reaction to Stiles’ inability in calling homophobic Mr  Lockburn anything but  Mr Cockburn instead. So after that Stiles was relegated to the coffee machine and Coach bought in the Game instead. Whereby sales stuff were encouraged ‘by any means possible and I mean ANY means’ to sell coffee, cakes and get tips and the person who got the most tips by the end of the day got to keep everyone else’s. So, naturally, Danny had performed an almost full striptease the very next day that bought the house down and packed Coaches’ Cupcake Coffee House for the whole day and week after. Thus he won that Game and almost every day since whilst Stiles was the one who stood off to the side and did all the work ie, making all the coffee, and Danny got all the glory. Well not ALL the glory seeing as Isaac had actually managed to win it once, when his entire family had come in for breakfast. But even then Danny had managed to seduce (‘Flirt Stiles, all I did was flirt!’) Isaac’s hot older brother Camden and they were now going out. No one could resist Danny. Not even Camden ‘Supposedly Straight Soldier’ Lahey.And from behind the coffee machine Stiles could attest to it. Every day he saw people getting put under Danny’s spell, buying more pastries, coffees and cupcakes then they ever meant to because Danny was apparently some kind of warlock, witch or similar. Everyone was caught up in the pure awesomeness that was Danny. And where Stiles’ pitiful tip jar in front of the coffee machine always stayed relatively empty Danny’s was constantly overflowing, sometimes with so many $1 notes anyone would be forgiven for thinking they worked at a strip club.So everyone was caught under the spell. Well, almost everyone that is. There was one exception to the rule, a very good looking, stubbled exception named Derek H.Now Derek H had been coming into Coaches’ Cupcake Coffee House since they opened, since before the implementation of the Game. In fact the first time Stiles had actually seen Derek H was on opening day when Stiles had been frantically pouring coffee’s for the morning rush, practicing his latte art hearts when he had called out the order, ‘Standard double shot latte for a Derek H?’ and had almost choked when he handed it to the most stunning specimen of a man he had ever seen, their fingers brushing minutely and Stiles reeling back as if he had been branded. Derek, apparently unimpressed with the heart, had huffed and promptly shoved a lid on top of Stiles beautiful creation (beautiful for back then anyway, he had since become much more adept in the science of latte art). But, despite seemingly unimpressed with Stiles’ coffee making skills, Derek H had come in like clockwork every day since. At exactly the same time, 8.10, and ordering exactly the same thing. In fact seeing Derek every day at work had soon become the highlight of Stiles’ morning.  Derek was not only good looking but he always tipped, despite Stiles’ coffee being as bit substandard or ‘craptastically bad’ according to Coach. So for those first few weeks Stiles would offer Derek a weak smile with his latte art heart coffee every morning and getting almost nothing in return, a glare or a snort if he was lucky. So, as Stiles became more talented with his milk he started becoming more creative practicing his leaves and flowers for an entire week before he poured one for Derek, seeing as Derek never seemed impressed by his (admittedly amateurish) hearts.That fateful morning had been the biggest letdown of Stiles’ (short) latte art career. Derek had taken one look at the leaf painstakingly shaped just for him and had looked almost disappointed? He definitely hadn’t looked happy, or what passed as Derek H’s happy face at least. Taking one look at the coffee, his lips downturned and shoving a plastic spoon in it until the leaf was completely ruined. ‘Dude’ Stiles had breathed, staring at the ruined leaf like his life was completely over making Derek look up and go slightly red, as he muttered his thanks and rushed out the door.So, ever since Stiles had made Derek latte hearts because apparently they weren’t offensive to his sensibilities or at least didn’t make him want to shove a spoon in them or whatever. Guy had issues, clearly. But despite that Stiles kind of liked him. Derek was as regular as clockwork and always tipped him, not a lot, but it made his tip jar look less pathetic by 8.30 am in comparison to Danny.And Danny, that was another reason Stiles liked Derek. Danny had almost lit up like a fucking light house when he had seen Derek, Derek’s absurdly expensive looking jeans, and his lovely muscled forearms on the first day of the Game and had promptly laid on the granny panty dropping charm. Flashing his dimply, toothy grin, leaning on the bar showing more cleavage then a stripper (Danny had great pecks, too) and generally acting like getting into Derek’s pants was possibly the only thing he wanted right then and there. And Derek? Well Derek looked up from the dazzling display at the sound of Stiles’ sigh and had promptly ignored Danny in favour of grunting his coffee order at Stiles. Stiles who had gaped liked a fish for a few moments before throwing a cocky grin at Danny and ringing it up because he was a bit of a shithead like that.For the next week all bets were off. Danny tried absolutely everything and anything to get Derek to tip him. He tried flirting, he tried chatting, he tried his super low rise skinny jeans that made his butt look fuck-a-licious, he even came down the front when Derek arrived seemingly forgetting that shirts were a necessary part of the uniform at Coaches Cupcake Coffee House. And Derek, to Stile’s delight, ignored all of it in favour of tipping Stiles. Stiles tried and failed to be too smug about it, despite Danny creaming him, and Isaac, in the Game. It all came to ahead when Danny managed to accrue an astounding $200 worth of tips on a particularly loud and busy Saturday. And Stiles couldn’t help but be incredibly jealous. He had college to save for too, he had a jeep that needed a service and a huge amount of really fucking expensive textbooks to buy for, for next year, and his tips were being stolen by Danny and his stupid grin and stupidly perfect arms and stupidly pretty face.He was still grumbling about his lack of tips when  Derek came in the next day, Stiles was so pissed he didn’t even give Derek his customary bright grin and awkward wave that he was sure Derek absolutely cherished, instead Stiles kept his head down and kept mumbling to himself about, ‘Stupid…no tips…Danny and his stupid fucking grin….i have college to save for too….’.Stiles had cleared his throat to call out Derek H’s order even though Derek was the only one in the store and no one else had ordered a medium double shot latte. When he passed it over Derek was giving him a weird look, although to be honest anything that wasn’t a scowl or an outright glare could be considered new and exciting for Derek’s facial expression range. Stiles blinked owlishly back, ‘What?’Derek cleared his throat awkwardly for a few moments, seeming to decide whether to say something or not, finally coming up with, ‘You don’t get many tips?’ and Stiles almost died. Derek had never actually spoken to him before and his voice was….nice. Not growly like he was expecting but not unpleasant either, just nice.Stiles wrenched his eyes from Derek’s lips and shook his head trying to remember the question.‘Uh no? I mean Danny gets most of them, not me. We have this stupid game where the person who gets the most tips for the day gets to keep all the tips, so I’m pretty pissed that I never win.’Derek had frowned slightly and Stiles was kind of mesmerised by Derek’s awesomely pretty face, especially his eyes. They had stared at each other for a few seconds before Derek seemed to come to his senses clears his throat, dropping his customary tip in the jar and leaving.Stiles  doesn’t notice anything different about his tip jar until they got to close that night and he, Danny and Isaac dropped their tip jars to Finstock to count. Danny’s, as always, almost overflowing, Isaac’s three quarters full because Isaac with his curls and angelic good looks did pretty well and Stiles’ tip jar, as always, depressingly quarter full.As they cleaned up, Danny entertained Stiles and Isaac that days story of the creepy guy who came in and stared at Danny’s chest as Danny tried, and failed, to get him to order anything before leaving a twenty in the tip jar and shuffling out. It had been a pretty slow day all things considered so Stiles wasn’t surprised that Danny didn’t seem to care the guy basically came in for the free ‘Danny’s Pecks Show’, as long as he left a tip. Apparently Danny was more equipped to work for the Chippendale’s then at a tiny coffee shop in downtown Beacon Hills. As they finished up Finstock came out of the office, a look of complete shock on his face.‘You OK coach?’ Isaac asked cautiously, Finstock was an explosive character at the best of times.‘Isaac! Yes, of course I am! I’ve just finished calculating today’s Game tips and I tell you what ladies and jelly babies, we have a surprise winner and its one for the books.’Danny’s smile faltered, ‘what do you mean Coach?’Finstock looked wildly around until his eyes landed on Stiles, ‘Bilinski! It’s you! Unfathomably, despite your complete lack of charms and chest muscles, you have managed to win today’s Game for the first time, since well, ever.’Danny and Isaac both rounded on him, ‘But how?’ Stiles choked out.‘Seems like someone liked your monstrosity of a coffee so much they tipped you $100.’Stiles gaped as Finstock handed him the official Game winning envelope, stuffed full of notes and a shiny hundred dollar note.‘Holy shit.’ He breathed.‘Jesus Christ Stilinski, who’d you blow for that?’ Danny asked incredulously.Stiles was at a bit of a loss because he could only think of one person who would even consider giving him money like that.‘Derek. Fuck, I think it was Derek.’‘Derek H?’ Danny asked, ‘You gave Derek Hotcakes a blowjob under the coffee machine?’ Danny said looking impressed at Stiles’ apparent dedication to the job, ‘Damn Stilinski you’ve been holding out on me.’Stiles looked at Danny wildly, ‘What? No, Jesus Danny, no. I was just angry, I guess. This morning I was muttering about tips and he asked if I got many and I said I didn’t, not really, and I think he may have tipped me a hundred fucking dollars.’ Stiles finished, his voice squeaking attractively at the end.Isaac whistled lowly, ‘Jesus.’‘Yeah I know. What the fuck does that even mean?’ Stiles said beseechingly, turning to Danny because Danny was the Yoda, master, expert in all things gay and even remotely queer. Danny looked at him as if he were crazy, ‘It means he wants to ride the dick Stiles.’ He said slowly, as if talking to the mentally insane.‘Ride the dick, my dick?’ Stiles asked weakly.‘Figuratively speaking of course, Derek looks more like a topper to me. And you, my friend, are a twink of the most twinkiest standards, but I’m not one to judge.’‘I don’t know what you’re talking about.’ Stiles admitted, finding himself in a weird crouch-like stance that he apparently now adopts when he’s overwhelmed about finding Derek Hotcakes wants HIS hotcakes.‘What Danny’s trying to say is that Derek may want to do the sex. With you.’‘Oh yeah, most definitely Derek wants to sex you up. And he looks like he’s be good at it too.’‘How do you know that?’ Stiles asks breathlessly, how does one know such things?’Danny licks his lips, his eyes slightly glazed, ‘He walks like he knows how to sex pretty little virgins like you. That or he’s totally packing. Either way you should get on that. Preferably as quickly as possible before I decide I want his monster cock for myself.’Stiles chokes and Isaac shouts, a little offended that his brother would get so casually tossed aside. Danny only grins roguishly, ‘Don’t worry your lovely little curls Isaac. Camden’s definitely got enough to keep me happy.’Isaac’s offended face soon turns to one of horror as he throws a damp dishtowel at Danny’s laughing face. Stiles is nervous and fidgety the next morning, stuffing up four coffees before he hears Derek’s grunted coffee order to Danny who had tripped Isaac with the broom in order to serve Derek first.‘No problem Derek H. I will just get our esteemed and very pretty barista Stiles, here, to make that one for you.’ Danny says, grinning like a shark as he throws an arm around Stiles shoulder and squeezes with his inhumanely strong arms. Stiles tries not to get suffocated.Derek narrows his eyes at the point of contact between Danny’s arm and Stiles’ shoulder and Stiles can’t help but be a little smug about that. Neither can Danny apparently as he simultaneously lets go of Stiles, chucks him under the chin and winks at Derek. Because Danny will always, and forever, be a smooth bastard. ‘Uh-h so just the usual today Derek?’ Stiles asks, smiling crookedly.‘Yes, thank you Stiles.’ Derek answers, rather stiltedly and Stiles just fucking melts because Derek is equal parts adorable, cute and sexy as fuck.Stiles makes the coffee distractedly now with complete awareness that Derek is watching him and now with the knowledge that Derek apparently wants him, sexually.So he hands the hearted latte over, purposely brushing his hands against Derek’s as he does because Stiles might be a little late to the ‘wanting to sex Stiles up’ party but he’s got game, not much, not as much as Danny might have, but enough. Enough for Derek goddammit.Stiles looks up and Derek’s looking back, slightly awkwardly but determined none the same before he drops a notes in the tip jar and leaves.Just fucking leaves.Stiles stands there, not quite understanding what had happened. Danny clucks his tongue disapprovingly coming over to check the tip jar.‘Motherfucker! He’s just tipped you $200 Stiles! Maybe he thinks you’re secretly a prostitute who uses the clever guise of a crazy pants coffee house as a front for all your illicit activities.’Stiles groans, ‘What the hell. I thought he was into me Danny. You told me he was into me!’‘Calm down Stiles, I think it’s safe to say he wants to tap dat ass. He just needs, a push? 	Something a little more, leave it to your uncle Danny. We’ll get Derek hotpants in your bed and de-virginalizing you by the end of this week.’ Danny says, a determined glint in his eyes as he turns back to flash the soccer mums his mouth pantingly gorgeous grin.  According to Danny ‘a little more’ means spray painted on jeans and a deep v-neck t-shirt, a spray of cologne and serious sex hair. So much so that even Danny looks at him appreciatively after he’s finished, ‘Jesus, you look good cleaned up Stilinski, like my own little elfin princess. I’m almost tempted myself. If it weren’t for Camden and his wonderfully talented m-‘‘Yes, ok, Stiles looks hot. Its almost 8, you should get down there.’ Isaac interrupts shooting Danny a glare as he hustles Stiles tight denim clad ass down toward the coffee machine.For the first five minutes it’s a little uncomfortable but eventually Stiles gets into it, enjoying the surprising amount of attention his new look seems to be getting, especially from the flock of teenage girls getting their skim, decaf, caramel, half strength, no cream mocha’s who giggle and flirt with him for the first time in his (short) coffee making career.He’s having so much fun that he doesn’t even notice that he’s making Derek’s coffee until he calls it out, looking up surprised.Derek looks a little stunned as he gazes at Stiles, his eyes taking in the hair, the tight jeans and almost unable to take his eyes away from the three chest hairs dotted on Stile’s half bare chest.Stiles tries very hard not to preen under the scrutiny. The smug smile on Danny’s face tells him he’s not trying hard enough. ‘Uh Derek? Coffee.’ Stiles says when Derek doesn’t respond.Derek seems to shake himself out of his daze, shifts his gaze to Danny at the end of the counter and takes his coffee and, once again leaves, without saying anything. Stiles gets another $150 in tips that day but no Derek.Danny seems to take it as a personal insult that Derek’s not tempted by ‘Stiles’ epic hotness’.
‘He’s not straight. He tips you like you’re a stripper giving him a lap dance, so what the fucks his problem?’ Danny rants. Pacing across the floor ignoring Isaac and Stiles’ amused glances, Danny, apparently, doesn’t like it when people don’t conform to his expectations.‘We need to kick it up a notch.’ He says, eyeing Stiles in contemplation.Stiles is only a little bit afraid. Kicking it up a notch seems to mean Danny deciding to flirt outrageously with Stiles when Derek comes in the next morning, touching him and winking at him when Stiles is distractedly trying to make Derek’s coffee, so much so that he makes a leaf pattern instead of a heart when his mind is thrown by Danny taking the opportunity to pinch his ass. Stiles can’t hide the blush that springs to his cheeks when Danny’s all over him, peeking up to see Derek looking slightly hurt and just a little bit crestfallen.What? No, no that wasn’t what was supposed to happen. Derek was supposed to go wild with jealousy and lunge over the counter to claim Stiles’ mouth (and ass) as his. But, no, Derek wasn’t an animal and they lived in a civilised world where people’s feelings weren’t something to be played with for fun. Fuck, Stiles might have fucked whatever it was between him and Derek for good. And for what, so Danny could play matchmaker?Which is why, when Derek hurries out, head down, hands in pockets, Stiles turns to Danny, hands on hips, ‘Enough.’‘Enough? No way, he hasn’t gotten the message yet Stiles.’ Danny says eyeing Derek in his dark jeans as he walks past the shop.‘What message Danny? That he probably doesn’t have a chance with me because I look hot and Danny “man-eater” Mahealani is completely into me? Jesus, he might be hot but it doesn’t look like he thinks he could/can compete.’Danny looks a little dismayed, ‘It would have worked on me.’ He says a little quieter.Stiles snorts, ‘Yeah, because you’re about as subtle as a brick to the face. Just, just leave this one be. Ok?’Danny smiles, ‘Think you can handle this one Stilinski? I’ll leave you to your emotionally damaged, socially awkward hunk of man meat then.’Stiles laughs, relieved that Danny doesn’t want to push it, ‘Thanks.’ Except Derek doesn’t come in the next morning, or the next or the one after that and Stiles becomes increasingly depressed and frustrated. Jesus, he was crushing on the guy, just found out Derek liked him back; and Stiles then manages, in the space of a few days, to fuck it up. Great, classic Stiles.In fact Derek doesn’t come in for a week.
Stiles spends the week in a sulk and is moping at the coffee machine the following Monday, when Danny elbows him in the ribs, hard. Man doesn’t know his own strength Stiles thinks angrily looking up, ‘What?’‘Looks who’s coming in with what looks like his little sister?’ Danny whispers, grinning like a loon and gesturing to the door.Stiles whips his head up so fast he swears he gets whiplash and sure enough there’s Derek, looking as delicious as ever and what looks like his opposite gender twin practically dragging him in. She’ petite, but muscular, makeup free and her hair’s in a high bun. She looks like she’s just come from the gym.Stiles laughs a little at the stubborn look on Derek’s face and the woman looks up, locks her eyes with his, mouths elfin princess to herself and lets go of Derek’s bicep making a beeline for the counter and Danny and Stiles behind it. ‘I take it you’re Stiles.’ She says, her eyes sharper then lasers and Stiles kind of feels like he’s being x-rayed.‘Uh yep. That’s me. Stiles Stilinski.’ He says, clearing his throat.‘Great, Stiles Stilinski. So, just to make things clear, you are currently single, yes?’Stiles gulps, ‘Uh yes?’ he can’t help but make it a question and glancing over at Derek who looks like he wants to floor to swallow him whole.  Stiles swallows compulsively and looks back to Derek’s sisters’ quirked eyebrow.‘So you.’ She says, turning to Danny, ‘Over gelled, over muscled man whore, are not currently fucking Stiles Stilinski?’Danny chokes out a laugh, not seeming too bothered by the description, ‘I am not, as much as I would be like to be, milady.’‘Great.’ She says, shooting at look at Derek saying both ‘I told you so’ and ‘stop being a ginormous baby’ at the same time as she marches back out the door.Derek slinks closer to the counter, fidgeting as Isaac and Danny try and make themselves scarce. At least Isaac does, Danny just finds something to do still in the hearing distance of Derek and Stiles, not being very subtle about his eavesdropping, Danny and subtle don’t go well together.‘I, uh, sorry about her. That was my sister, Cora. She’s a bit much, sometimes.’ Derek says, scratching the back of his neck.Stiles grins back at him, ‘That’s ok. Did you really think I was fucking Danny?’Derek’s eyes bulge as he goes an adorable shade of red, ‘Um yeah, I did.’Stiles is delighted, not only did Derek think he was hot enough to ‘hit dat’ but Derek was also jealous. No one’s ever been jealous over Stiles before. And it makes him a little dizzy, so much so that he almost doesn’t even realise when he finds himself leaning across the counter to lightly brush Derek’s dry lips with his own. Stiles suddenly realises what he’s doing as he attempts to rear back and apologise profusely,  before Derek’s making a small noise at the back of his throat and dragging Stiles mouth back with his own. Cupping his cheeks and drawing him in for a chaste kiss that quickly turns not so chaste when Stiles plunges his tongue into the Derek’s mouth. Derek seems to like that very much as he tighten his hands around Stiles cheeks and angle him better the kiss soon turning filthy. So filthy in fact that its Danny who reluctantly clears his throat to interrupt, ‘As much as I am enjoying the view boys, and I assure you I am. But we are currently in a shop full of customers and unless you guys are into that kind of thing I suggest you save it for the bedroom.’Derek springs back, hair mussed and slightly breathless and Stiles is sorely tempted to get right back in there and  kiss him again but manages to restrain himself. Barely.‘Great, now Derek you ask Stiles out. Stiles, you say yes. Have sex, and then, if you’re interested give me and Camden a call, because that right there’ he says gesturing between them, ‘that was fucking hot and we would definitely want in on that.’‘Jesus fuck Danny, can you save talking about your sex life with my brother for when I’m not here!’‘Sorry Isaac love.’ Danny says, grinning back at Stiles and Derek.Stiles, isn’t listening, because kissing Derek was superhot and Derek’s currently smiling at him like Stiles hung the fucking moon and Stiles is feeling all warm and hot in his stomach.‘By the way, why did you keep tipping me ridiculous sums of money? Danny thinks you thought I was going to give you a blowjob under the coffee machine.’Derek chokes at that and goes red, his eyes darting down to Stiles’ lips as Stiles unconsciously licks them, thoughts still on kissing Derek, ‘Uh no, you just seemed so down the other day when you weren’t getting tips and not winning your game and I didn’t really know how to get you to notice me so I thought I’d give you money?’ Derek says faintly, eyes still glued to Stiles’ lips.‘And you just have money to give away, just like that.’‘Oh, yeah, I work at Hale Corporation uptown.’‘Dressed like that?’ Stiles says a little incredulously gesturing at the rather casual clothes Derek seems to wear every day, jeans and a dark green Henley.‘Oh, yeah, my last names Hale, I own Hale Corporation, with Cora. She wears whatever she wants to work as you could see, so I do to.’Danny whistles lowly next to him and Stiles is a little shocked, it never occurred to him to ask Derek’s last name, or where he worked.‘So, seeing as you’re single despite evidence to the contrary I was wondering whether you wanted to go out with me some time?Stiles grins back at Derek’s tentative smile, ‘Tonight, at seven. Pick somewhere nice to take me.’Derek grins back, ‘Deal.’ He says handing over his card, ‘Here’s my number.’Stiles watches as Derek leaves the shop wincing when Danny turns to him after Derek’s left, ‘Seriously though, my offer still stands, Camden has a very gifted tongue.’Stiles is saved from replying by  the ‘Jesus Fuck Danny!’ that Isaac practically sobs from out back, his hands over his ears as Danny laughs evilly.Scott is hands down the worst barista Derek has ever hired. And he once hired a girl who burst into tears when she couldn’t cope with a simple Grande skinny extra hot wet three shot sugar free vanilla Latte. He wouldn’t have hired the kid if he hadn’t been desperate (his ex-employee Jackson threw his apron off last week and flounced out of the shop after Derek reminded him he wasn't allowed to give away drinks to pretty girls). And Scott had pulled honest to god puppy dog eyes out in front of Laura. She’d practically swooned and pushed all the other CVs aside demanding Derek hire him on the spot. Which, Laura trying not to butt in on Derek’s business? Not happening.It's also December third and Derek can already smell the Christmas shoppers with their extravagent orders and endless desires for double cups and extra froth and huge piles of cream that just won't fit under a take out lid.Scott frequently gets distracted trying to smile at everyone and burns his hands; he consistently writes people's orders wrong on cups so that Derek gets yelled at by angry customers or worse Erica gets yelled at and then yells at Derek; and he's forever forgetting to set the timers so that people bring their drip coffees back looking disgusted. Scott is the ultimate test of Derek's patience and no one would ever dare say Derek doesn't have patience when he lives with Laura.He comes upstairs balancing a stack of lids and three bags of sugar and freezes. At the end of the bar Scott’s slowly tilting milk this way and that in the jug, listening intently to someone behind the coffee machine. A hand reaches out and corrects Scott’s grip before saying “atta boy, by god he’s got it!” And a wide smile appears followed by big brown eyes and oh, Derek is fucked.“What the hell?” He demands, stalking towards them.“Oh, Stiles was just showing me how to make Cappuccino foam!” Scott turns his big excited eyes on Derek and for a second he wavers, he really doesn’t want to see the light dim in those eyes—“Yeah it’s almost like he hadn’t been given any training before I turned up,” an amused voice pipes in. Which is completely unfair and untrue because Derek spent several painstaking hours trying to explain to Scott the differences between latte milk, flat white milk, cappuccino milk, froth, why some people like their cappuccinos wet and others like their lattes dry. Honestly, Derek's really not sure why people can't just have their coffee black but when Scott scrunched up his nose and asked the same question Derek had produced some god awful spiel about every person's order being unique and then glared until Scott sighed and started up the steamer again.“I did teach him,” he manages to grind out. “And don’t put your hands behind the counter, you’re a customer.” Then he frowns at the guy, Stiles. What a stupid fucking name. “Are you even a customer?”Stiles' face lights up. “Hell yeah I am, wouldn’t miss my best friend’s first day on the job now would I?”"It's not his first day. He's been here a week." The longest week of Derek's life."Sure but he was in training right? This is my boy's first day as a real barista."Derek doesn’t know what to do with the abundant enthusiasm and so grunts and dumps the sugar in the cupboard beneath the drip coffee machine. When he straightens up Stiles averts his eyes like he’d been checking Derek out and Derek feels marginally better about the guy implying Derek is a shitty teacher.The bell above the door pings and Lydia and Isaac sail in; Lydia talking a mile a minute about stripes most certainly not being this fall's successful fashion choice. Isaac's nodding, glancing at his camera and then stops mid stride when he looks up at the counter and sees Scott.Scott's busy watching Stiles flail his arms around and honestly, it's like the guy can't keep from moving, it's sort of, hypnotising really and— Derek blinks, looking away and smiles at Lydia, because he so can shut up Erica."What'll it be today?""Something strong, extra shots.""Big project coming up?""Isn't there always?" she says airily before turning to look for Isaac. Who is still standing like a statue staring at Scott. Lydia shoots an amused look at Derek. "I'm guessing Isaac will have your new barista.""He's not for sale, he's priceless," Derek says drily, filling in Isaac's usual order and placing it on top of the bar. "Scott? Drinks to be made?" He glances over the wall to where Stiles is still lingering and sighs. "Why are you still here?""Just making sure no-one lets him accidentally drown himself in milk or anything.""Is that even physically possible?""You never know with our Scott," Stiles says fondly.Derek smacks Scott's hand gently as he reaches for full fat milk; Lydia would taste the difference in a heartbeat and possibly make Stiles' prediction about Scott meeting an early death via milk a reality."Rule number one; Lydia's drinks are always skinny."Scott shoots him a grateful look and starts pouring carefully."Oooh you're one of those bosses aren't you?" Stiles says gleefully as he rests his chin on his hands to resume watching over his friend."What do you mean, those kind of bosses?""Like, all scary and gruff but secretly you're sweet like apple pie inside and your heart will eventually melt in the face of Scott's awesomeness."Derek stares at him. He doesn't know whether to go with the comparison to apple pie or the fact someone over the age of eight uses the word awesomeness. Finally, he rolls his eyes and swings open the fridge to check temperatures. It's a legitimate reason to bend down and not at all because he wants to know if Stiles checking him out had been a one-time thing. He stands and resists the urge to smirk when Stiles' gaze takes three seconds too long to meet his eyes. "I think you're confusing me with The Grinch."Stiles grins widely. "I don't know man; you've got the facial hair down for it.""Does that make you Cindy Lou?" Derek gestures to above his own head. "With the whole—" Stiles' hair is actually kind of hot sticking up all over the place but he's not about to say that.The flush that sweeps across Stiles' face is not at all adorable and he yanks on a woolly hat which just, makes things ten times worse and Derek sort of wants to bury his head in his hands. "Shut up man, I've had exams. I haven't had time for a haircut."Derek's about to respond, possibly with a comment about how useful that hair would be to tug on just to see what Stiles' reaction is, when Scott drops a milk jug on his foot.He looks up at Derek aghast and Stiles flees the scene laughing.Bastard.Isaac and Lydia glance over from their table and Isaac shoots a sympathetic smile Scott's way. Scott walks into the blenders trying to smile back and Derek uses the last of his patience to send him on his break. *The following Tuesday when Derek arrives back from overseeing a Disciplinarian for another of his shops Isaac is casually leaning on the counter talking to Erica. Scott bounds up the stairs pulling on his own apron and then stops when he sees Isaac and Erica chatting. His smile deflates and he peeks over Derek's shoulder, blocking his way down to the partner lounge."Scott," Derek says slowly. "Are you going to be serving any coffee today or would you like to hide behind my shoulder for your entire shift?""Will you fire me if I pick the latter?"Derek chooses not to express surprise at Scott knowing how to use the word latter correctly in a sentence."Yes."Scott pouts and lets Derek shove him forward and onto the shop floor."Hi there sweet stuff," Erica says easily. When they make eye contact Scott ducks his head at the same time Isaac does and Derek is going to vomit sugar all night if they keep this up."Scott, this is my brother Isaac, Isaac this is my new favourite person in the world, Scott.""I'm your favourite?" Scott asks, suddenly delighted. Isaac watches as if mesmerised. "Well," Erica smirks. "If he's single you're totally going to give me your cute friend's number right?"Derek had been on his way, finally, down the stairs when he pauses and looks back at Scott. He doesn't know why he's curious, ok fine, he knows exactly why he's curious so everyone else can fuck off he wants to know what Scott's going to say."He's single yeah but not really uh, into girls?" Scott says finally and Erica rolls her eyes."You're all useless. The only other appealing person that works here is Laura and if Boyd wouldn't kick my ass if I tried—""Boyd would though," Boyd says easily, appearing at the counter with his chosen Panini and smirking at Erica. He gives Derek a nod over the counter and Derek waves, gesturing that he'll go and tell Laura Boyd's on his break from work.Meanwhile Boyd rattles off his order to Scott whilst Erica puts his Tuna Melt on the grill with a little too much force.Scott looks bewildered as Boyd talks and Isaac snorts, grabbing the pen from him and writing the order on the cup himself. Scott looks like Isaac's just presented him with the sun as he takes the cup back.Derek is definitely vomiting something later. *There's a lull mid Wednesday morning and Derek goes to make a couple of calls, sort out the deployment sheet for the next day and not think about bright wide eyes and delicious looking moles placed tantalisingly all over pale skin. Stiles has only been into the shop a couple of times and Derek, has never crushed this ridiculously on anyone in his life. He's vaguely wondering whether he should panic over it when he glances up at the cameras he realises the floor is missing one shaggy haired barista.For a split second there's a part of him that panics and that he'll never find out whether Stiles prefers sex in the shower or on the floor because Scott has actually died on his watch. He barely gets two feet from the lounge when he almost crashes into him sitting on the stairs looking forlorn."What are you doing down here man? Your break's not for like twenty minutes.""I suck at this," Scott says morosely. Derek pinches the bridge of his nose and then sits down beside him. "Yeah, you do."Scott looks at him with hurt surprise and then buries his nose in between his legs. "Stiles said you were nice deep down; I knew he was being biased."Derek desperately wants to ask why Stiles would be being biased at all but he overlooks it in favour of talking Scott off his sad, metaphorical cliff. "Look man, yeah, you kind of suck but guess what? Erica couldn't make a decent cappuccino for three months. Laura still can't get a pattern on a flat white. She avoids making them all summer and then calls them snowmen in the winter."Scott snorts and shifts to rest his cheek on his knee and looks at Derek. "So I'll get better?"Derek shrugs. "Probably. No more asking your sunshine and unicorns friend for help though. If you're stuck with something just, ask me ok? I swear I don't bite."Scott looks dubious and Derek rolls his eyes. "I don't.""Derek!" Laura appears at the top of the stairs. "So sorry to interrupt your damn girl scouts meeting but we've got a queue out the door up here."Derek growls at her because this is his damn coffee shop but he grabs the back of Scott's shirt and tugs him to his feet. "Line call the shit out of those customers ok?"Scott nods suddenly looking determined and Derek resists the sudden urge to ruffle the kid's hair.  *2 till 7 on a Saturday is Derek's least favourite shift. It's noisy, the place is always crowded with teenagers and exhausted looking parents and there's never any time for anything.Scott's slowly getting the hang of making the basic drinks but any time anyone orders a Frappuccino a look of intense fear crosses his face and Derek ends up making them instead.He's busy shoving yet another Strawberries and Cream into the blender when someone whistles from the side of the bar. He turns, fully prepared to tell whatever teenage punk is messing around to get out when he sees Stiles wrapped up in a thick blue hoodie with a light blue scarf. His face is dancing with mirth and he looks, kind of like a dream Derek had recently that involved walking in the snow holding hands with someone.And oh fuck the Christmas spirit is getting to him."What do you want?" he sighs, smiling slightly despite himself."That's my frappe you're making man, I'm just checking you're doing it right.""Double blended, strawberry sauce in first, I think I can manage thanks."Stiles beams and then waves his arm above his head. "Also, uh.""What? More movie parallels for my hair-do?""No," Stiles snorts. "You've got blended ice up there."Derek curses and rubs a hand across his face. "Shut up," he says crossly as Stiles laughs."It's cool man, you look cute when you're flustered.""I am not cute." He shoves Stiles whipped monstrosity at him. "And who drinks these in December?!"Stiles uses his straw to pick up as much whip as possible and then sucks it off slowly, eyes fixed on Derek as he smirks. "People who think you're cute." And then before Derek can breathe again he's out the door, yelling at Scott to keep up the good work as he goes.Scott tries to wave a good natured goodbye and knocks a pile of tall cups over.Derek tries and fails to be annoyed by it. *When Stiles next comes into the store he stops short and lets out a huge laugh. It's fucking typical he'd have a nice laugh. Derek wishes he'd stop doing it.He determinedly ignores him as he chortles all the way up the queue, seemingly unfazed that people are staring at the strange man who keeps giggling to himself. "What can I get for you," he intones darkly when Stiles arrives at the till.Stiles' eyes are dancing and without comment he whips out his phone and snaps a picture."You don't know me well enough to do that.""Sure I do man, I've got your 'number' remember?""Pretty sure I'd remember having the stroke that led to me giving you my number.""Oh, pretty boy Santa's got the jokes today."Derek growls and adjust the stupid, stupid Santa hat he's wearing as he tries to look menacingly at Stiles.It clearly doesn't have the desired effect because Stiles keeps smiling at him regardless. In fact the longer they stare at one another the darker Stiles' eyes get and Derek's just thinking about doing something crazy like actually offering his real number up when Lydia clears her throat from behind Stiles.Isaac's grinning at them both and oh, he can so talk considering he and Scott can't string together a sentence between them when they're together. Derek scowls and waves a cup at Stiles. "Drink?""Americano, black, please." He's still smiling at Derek, almost fondly and he bites his lip as he pays, dropping the change in the tip box. "I've been a good boy this year Santa I promise; make sure to bring me something pretty."Derek snaps his teeth at him and tries not to smile. Erica gives him a knowing look from the bar and he curses the day he ever agreed to hire her.He does however, throw the Santa hat at Laura when he gets home and tell her it's a health hazard and he won't be wearing it again.Laura leaves it by the Espresso machine in the morning with a note saying; "you lost the bet you wear the hat."He's never agreeing to arm wrestle Boyd again. *"I can't believe it."Derek hums, watching in morbid fascination as women all over the high street fucking flock to where Scott's holding a sample tray of Gingerbread lattes."I bet it's the smile," Laura says thoughtfully.Erica twists a lock of hair round her finger shaking her head. "Nah I bet it's the precious big eyes.""Maybe it's the delicious lattes he's offering on a cold, December Tuesday," Derek suggests.They both turn and glare at him in perfect synchronisation. "Jealous?""Of Scott?""I could see why you would be; he's a sweetheart, he's handsome, and he gets to go home and spend all his time with Stiles."Derek raises an eyebrow. "Who?"Erica rolls her eyes. "You're worse than my brother at hiding your crushes." She straightens up suddenly and squeals. "Speaking of!"Through the glass they have a perfect view of when Isaac comes out of the chemist where he works part time and sees Scott across the street. Scott, to his credit, only manages to make the tray jump a little as Isaac sticks his gloved hands in his pockets and heads towards the coffee shop. Scott then ruins all his credibility by sticking the tray right up in Isaac's face. Isaac seems to find it precious rather than mortifying though and slowly lowers it so he can take one and smile widely at Scott. It's actually kind of sweet.He didn't think that."God they're so adorable," Erica says fondly."Watching your brother awkwardly try and flirt with Scott is weird Erica," Derek says suddenly, sticking the brush pan and shovel in front of her. "Go do something useful.""Really?" Laura smirks at him. "You wanna go there little brother?""I don't know what you're talking about."Erica clangs the brush all along the skirting boards as she walks down the shop. "You're a lying liar who lies," she yells over her shoulder."You're fired!" *Lydia, Isaac and Erica barge (Erica barges, she has absolutely no respect for her own damn work environment) through the door late on Friday night. Lydia and Erica are arguing about the pros and cons of Mary Jane being removed from Spiderman's timeline and Isaac glances at the till wistfully before looking back down at his phone dejectedly.Erica smacks a sprig of mistletoe down on the counter.Derek stares at it for a moment and then looks back up at her. "I hope that's not your way of asking me to kiss you."She rolls her eyes. "Ew, no. Put it up over the door. Imagine how awkward it'll be to see all the customers try to talk their way out of macking on one another.""I can't believe you just used the word macking, what is it with you and Stiles and your terrible vocabulary skills?""Wow, bringing him up when there's nothing totally relevant to him in the conversation? You are hooked my friend.""Boss," Derek corrects. "I'm your boss.""Potato, potato," Erica says with a wave of her hand. "Just let me know when Stiles next comes in and I'll point him in the direction of the mistletoe."Derek makes an aggrieved noise and goes to change the filter coffee."Who is this Stiles we're talking about?" Lydia asks suddenly, looking intrigued."Tall, hot guy that's friends with Scott and that Derek wants to make out with." Derek glowers at Erica but she looks unrepentent as she drags a chair across the floor towards the door.Isaac perks up at Scott's name suddenly which makes Erica and Lydia both tilt their heads and say awww and Derek slams the box of filter papers down by the sink. "Stop. All of you.""Scott says Stiles is really nice," Isaac says almost chidingly and Derek wants to punch his hand through a wall."That's great man, fantastic, really. But I don't care."Erica's already pinning the mistletoe up above the door. "I hope I get to run into someone under here, someone with nice brown eyes and a cute nose and—" Derek stalks round the back and refuses to serve her for ten minutes.She sing songs about how him being grumpy with her only proves her point all the way through the close and then blows a kiss at him through the glass on her way home.He honestly doesn't know how he's going to get through the month or why he hired her in the first place.Laura and Boyd are curled up on the sofa when he gets home, watching Miracle On 34th Street of all things. Derek reluctantly joins them, bitches about Dylan McDermott setting too high a standard for men everywhere and then buries his face in his hands when he gets a text from Stiles telling him the movie is on tv and that McDermott actually reminds Stiles of him.He texts back "how did you get this number."Stiles replies "Santa ;)"He's going to kill Scott.*Fucking mistletoe. Derek's just arriving in to take over as shift supervisor for the afternoon and Stiles is just leaving. They both stop and slowly Stiles' eyes travel up towards the mistletoe. He smiles over at Derek. "I knew you wanted in my pants.""I want no such thing," Derek grinds out."Ohh, you should probably take yours off what with them being on fire and all," Stiles teases."I can't believe you're a grown up that pounds ridiculous amounts of coffee and you still say shit like that.""I can think of some other things I could—""Don't finish that sentence, please." His stomach is practically doing saumersaults as it is. He doesn't need Stiles giving him ideas.Fuck it, he's already been having ideas.Stiles sighs heavily and then leans forward and smacks a loud, exaggerated kiss on Derek's cheek before lifting his coffee at him and wiggling his eyebrows. "Happy Christmas to me.""That's not how it goes," Derek says faintly."Everyone needs a little Christmas," Stiles says with a smirk and tightens his fingers in Derek's jacket briefly before letting go.He's already halfway down the street by the time Derek finds his voice to complain about cheesy Christmas song puns.He goes inside and pointedly ignores Erica who is practically crowing.  *He's surprised to see Scott sitting at one of the corner tables on the Sunday before Christmas considering it's the kid's day off and he was grousing only yesterday he had no idea what to buy his mom. Derek heads over, revelling in the almost empty shop that comes every week after the rush on Saturdays."Don't you have somewhere other than work you can enjoy your freedom?"Scott jumps out of his skin and then looks up at him guiltily. "I'm just you know," he waves a book entitled Amateur Photography around. "Doing some reading."Derek lifts an eyebrow but says nothing and turns back to start some pre-close. It's only noon but hey, you can never start to early on these things.Right on cue, half an hour later, Erica, Lydia and Isaac come in for their regular Sunday afternoon treat. Isaac glances around hopefully and when he sees Scott at the back of the shop he straightens up and then stumbles over his own feet. He's like a newborn Deer honestly.Erica grabs a brownie from inside the case and then beams at Derek. "Tea please.""Did you want just, all the tea or would you like to specify a size?"Erica smirks; she knows how much it drives Derek up the wall when people just give the name of a drink and he has to ask over and over again did they mean Tall, Grande or Venti. For god's sake; he's not a mind reader. "You pick for me," she says grinning. Derek grabs a Short mug and sticks it in front of her.He watches Isaac out of the corner of his eye as he makes up Lydia's special Sunday cheat concoction that's basically as much cream and mocha as possible. Scott, amazingly, seems to have become engrossed in the book he was waving around and hasn't noticed Isaac come in. Isaac on the other hand keeps shooting glances over his shoulder when he thinks his sister isn't looking. It's actually painful to think this might go on for a prolonged period of time when they both seem to like each other.Derek grabs two pieces of pecan cheesecake and pushes the plate across to Isaac. "He doesn't like any of our other cakes. He's weird and he sucks at making coffee but he's a good guy, earnest, or whatever. Go eat this with him and stop making sad eyes."Isaac stares at the cake and then looks up at Derek with his big blue eyes."I don't think he—""Isaac," Derek hears himself make a pained noise and checks to see there are no other witnesses for this. "He's reading a book about photography and he's doing math or something else with numbers and logic and fuck knows how he pulls it off but he is. He doesn't know the first thing about lens focus but I'm pretty sure if you went over there and talked to him about right now he'd hang on your every fucking word. So please, take the plate and go, before I stick this fork in your eye."Because there's only so much Christmas cheer he's willing to spread here.He tries to pretend he's not holding his breath the whole time Isaac's making his way over there but when he exhales with relief Lydia leans over the counter and pats his chest. "There is something beating in there."Scowling he throws a load of plates into a bus tray and determinedly does not think about whether or not Stiles would be impressed that apparently other people think he has a heart too."I'm not the damn Grinch.""Lydia snorts, surveying him over the top of her mug. "That was still a nice thing you did Derek.""No, it was to save us all months of the two of them bumbling around one another and then ruining it before it even had a chance to begin. Leading to more angst. I don't need any of that here; I have enough drama with Erica and Laura thank you.""Hey!" Erica sidles up next to Lydia, typing on her phone furiously. "We all know why you really did it."He sighs, feeling his face flush up and grabs the bus tray. "I'm going to do dishes; don't let Scott choke on anything.""Unless it's Isaac's—"Derek slams the door on Lydia's lewd commentary just in time to hear Erica smack her on the arm, shrieking at her to shut up.*"You!" Derek jumps out of his skin at the sudden bang of the door. It's five to six, the night before Christmas Eve and he was this close to locking up and getting the hell out of dodge.He spins around with the mop in hand and then rolls his eyes when he sees it's Stiles."What do you want?""Ha!" Stiles is striding towards him looking happy and bright and every bit like some sort of stupid Christmas wish Derek's not had time to make. "I was right about you all along oh my god; Scott came home earlier singing your damn praises. I think he might actually like you? And Isaac— oh yeah did Isaac happen to mention he and I have photography together?"Derek can feel his whole face getting hot."Well, he told me the nicest story about you just," Stiles waves his phone around before shoving it in his pockets. "They've gone to the movies together Derek."He's practically bouncing up and down, it's making Derek nervous."So?""So that totally wouldn't have happened for weeks if you hadn't jumped in for them. Trust me, Scott moves at a glacial pace no matter how hard I try and push.""I didn't do anything.""Yes you did!""Well," he scratches the back of his neck and tries not to preen under what is definitely a proud look from Stiles. "So what if I—""And you said I was like sunshine.""What? That doesn't sound like me.""You did though; Scott told me.""Scott's an idiot who can't spell caramel macchiato.""Scott's a fucking genius actually, he just can't make a cup of Joe and that's cool because you're gonna keep him anyway.""No, I'm firing him immediately.""And you're funny too, and the eyebrows and the secret heart of gold; you're not a mean one at all and I was so right about you—" and then before Derek can protest Stiles is grabbing the front of his shirt and yanking him forward to kiss all the words right out of him. They slip on the wet soapy floor and Derek's going to have a bruise across his back for weeks but he doesn't care because Stiles kisses like he talks, all vibrant light and enthusiasm.And just a little dirty.Ok a lot dirty. They have to leave the shop because there are cameras and Derek doesn't trust Erica not to make a copy of the two of them getting naked in the middle of the store. *When Scott pads into the kitchen the next morning he walks into a table when he sees Derek there. He yells and covers his eyes. Stiles and Isaac both come flying into the room from seperate bedrooms only to see each other and for Isaac to flush right from head to toe.  Stiles swaggers forward grinning and wearing Derek's boxers which, should not be a thing he digs but he totally does. "Dude, if you hurt my best friend my boyfriend will kick your ass.""Do you have a boyfriend you haven't mentioned?" Derek asks, casually stepping over Scott who's still groaning in pain on the floor."I just decided it right now." Stiles says airily.Derek places a cup coffee beside Scott's head and pats his shoulder. "Don't be late for work."Ten minutes later he pulls Stiles to the door, kissing him the whole time. "Oh I like this early Christmas present," Stiles mutters breathlessly.Derek grins, tugging on his shirt which makes Stiles whine. "What? Clothes Derek? It's Christmas!""Technically not for another ninteen hours.""Ugh, dating you is going to mean so many early mornings isn't it?"Derek shrugs. "I've always preferred morning sex but if you'd rather not..."Stiles narrows his eyes. "Oh I see your game Grinch. Get me all riled up and then go make other people coffee for twelve hours while I sit around doing nothing but think longingly about you in a Santa hat and nothing else.""The Santa hat Stiles? Really?""You looked adorable," Stiles breathes out all laughter and long sweeping eyelashes as he scrunches up his face. Derek has never, ever seen anything more fucking beautiful than Stiles standing in the crisp morning light and smiling up at him."You're so weird," he says affectionately."Yep. I mean I heard I was a unicorn so I guess that fits."Derek flushes and Stiles wraps a familiar blue scarf around his neck and uses it to reel him in and kiss him again. "Go, give people joy and peace and love and all that crap with your special coffee and holiday cheer.""I won't promise anything.""Oh please, you're all heart Hale. If you're good later I'll even throw in naked me-- that is if you have time before delivering presents to kids across the world.""I'm not Santa," Derek groans. "That's even worse than the Grinch. Santa's like, hundreds of years old.""Ha! I knew you believed!""Shut up, oh my god, what am I even doing getting involved with you?""I'm a unicorn and you're the Grinch; we're a perfect match.""You're a loon.""Yeah maybe, but you like me anyway.""I do." Then they're kissing again and Derek is going to be late but he doesn't care. Erica and Laura can handle the open for once. He's going to be completely cliché and stand and kiss Stiles in the snow until he's breathless.He's probably going to let Stiles make at least four more Christmas puns before he leaves too.He's filled with generous Christmas spirit like that.  The sight before him is breathtaking. Wide opened whiskey eyes searching above his head, pink lips slightly parted, tongue wetting them as he considers his choice, messy brown hair sticking in every direction, moles dotting a pale skin, Derek can't wait to ask for his name."There's really a whole lot of choice," the guy before him says, eyes flicking to Derek's as they reflect gold. A smirk hangs easily on his lips now and Derek feels like he's suffocating."Yeah," he says stupidly after a minute or two, when he remembers to reply."Got any suggestions ?"Derek may have suggestions. They may not be about coffee, though."I don't know what you like," he replies helpfully."I'm a pretty open guy," the guy smirks and Derek probably imagine the flirty tone the guy used.It's wishful thinking, is what it is."I can make you my favorite," Derek tries to shrug easily.The guy breaks into a grin as if it's the best suggestion Derek could ever make. "I'd love to try that, yeah."Derek nods, says "I hope you like it sweet" as he types in his favorite coffee in the register, feeling the guy's gaze on him as he does. Too concentrated on not looking at the other, he types in the wrong price, making it two dollars cheaper than what it usually is. Derek doesn't care. It's his shop, he decides he can deal with it. When he's done, the guy pays him with a smile and Derek's heart starts pounding nervously in his chest when he asks "What's your name ?"The guy's surprise is shown by his eyebrows rising to meet his hairline.It's not like you can't ask someone's name, but people usually doesn't, not after a not even a five minutes talk between customer and an employee, anyway."It's so you'll get the good cup," Derek clarifies, feeling himself blush a little bit.It's not only because of this. There's not even enough people to justify this. Derek just needs to know his name, needs to know if it fits the one he has written on his back. Derek feels like this guy could be his soulmate. He doesn't usually qualify strangers of breath taking, so there's that.He sees it in slow motion when the guy opens his mouth to speak, but hears it loud and clear when he says "It's Stiles".Derek feels something in him break, it's a weird sensation, as disappointment take over. He forces himself to smile, nods politely and starts writing it on the cup.When Stiles goes to leave with Derek's favorite coffee, Derek calls for him, shouts "You should tell me what you thought of it, one day !""I will," Stiles smirks again. That sounds like a promise. Derek shouldn't wish that hard that he keeps it. Stiles comes back at the coffee shop the day after. Derek's back starts to hitch where the birthmark telling who is his soulmate is is. He takes it as a reminder that Stiles is not it.He's scratching the name written lightly on his back absently when Stiles leans on the counter, resting on his elbows."That coffee," he starts directly, "was amazing, but I'm pretty sure my coworkers all wanted my death. Do you have something less sugary, for my coworkers's sake ?"Derek is mesmerized by Stiles' eyes once more, but he shouldn't, he snaps himself out of it."Yeah, of course," he says. "What do you want ?""I like the spicy taste in the last one." Stiles' smirk is back full force. Derek wants to kiss it away. "Make me something with it, get creative."He winks at Derek, long eyelashes captivating Derek's attention. Derek tries to think about his soulmate, somewhere. The person made for him, the one that completes him.He knows you don't have to be with your soulmates. Lots of people are doing fine, living with someone they weren't destined. You can fall in love with other people. It's just, it's not the same.Derek can't help but remember the love his parents had to each other, the complicity and trust, and he wants that to himself. There is nothing as right and as perfect than finding his true love, he knows it.That is why he thinks about that person very hard, feels the mark hitch again on his back and barely looks at Stiles as he makes him a coffee with a hint of cinnamon, vanilla and maple syrup. He feels Stiles' eyes on him as he moves but it doesn't let it touch him and he makes up a price as he goes. "I hope this will satisfy your coworkers, too," he says as he hands the cup with Stiles' name written on it. "I'll let you know," Stiles promises again.  Not that Derek notices specially, but he remarks that Stiles doesn't come in the following days. Derek continues to serve his customers, smiles at them and gives free pastries to his favorites ("You're not supposed to have favorite customers, Derek !" Laura always used to tell him. It's not his fault Mrs.McCall was his mother's friend and totally loves his apple turnover. His mom would actually be offended if he made her pay for said turnover.)They're calm and slow days and he uses them to create more sort of coffee, more pastries while Erica serves the customers. After many tries, he finds the perfect combination for the coffee he had made Stiles on the second day, and he adds it on the menu. Erica shouts him a knowing look, he told her what happened."Did you seriously create a coffee for him ? How are you going to name it ? 'Stiles' ?" She tells him with a wolfish smile, the one she almost always wear."Don't make me fire you," he replies back, knowing that she knows the threat is empty."Der-bear," she starts with sympathy, picking the nickname from Laura, "you saw this guy two times."He knows."I know. I can't explain this."'This' being the pinning. The checking at the door every time the bell rings above it, announcing new customers. The new coffee in the menu. The new pastry with cinnamon in it. He can't explain this, wishes he didn't feel like this.Derek tries to not think of Stiles, tries to not think of his rosy cheeks and warm eyes, tries to think of his soulmate, but it's hard to think of someone when you never met them.He sighs, thinks that he's screwed, rolls dough. The bell rings and he looks up as he usually does, these days. He's disappointed when he sees a guy with dark, fluffy hair, that looks nothing like Stiles. He continues to roll the dough, letting Erica do her job. He hears her greeting the guy, him telling his order. "Also, I kinda owe my friend a coffee but--" the guy stops and Derek looks up again, "he told me that this guy worked there, that he made him a coffee a few days ago, said he wanted this one. I just don't know which one is it, and I guess you don't know ?"The guy looks at Erica with a sorry smile. Derek's feels his heart beating fast as he connects the dotes."Well, actually, I might have an idea which one it is," he hears Erica says. "We have this new coffee, there. It has cinnamon, vanilla and maple syrup. My boss created it recently.""Oh, yeah, cinnamon, that must be it. I'll take one, please."Erica nods, makes it quickly and makes the guy pay, then he leaves with his coffee and Stiles'. Derek stares at the door for a minute, before Erica comes join him and throws flour at his face."Looks like he liked the coffee," she smirks. The cinnamon pastry turns out to be a success, even Mrs.McCall accepts to try one. The coffee, not so much, but Derek doesn't care. He really made it for Stiles. The door opens. Derek freezes when he looks over and sees Stiles walking in. He had been hoping, but Stiles hadn't come in over a week so he wasn't exactly expecting it.Stiles is wearing an easy smile, one that makes Derek's stomach twist. Derek stares as Stiles looks over the menu, his eyes growing wide."You really added it to your menu," he says in surprise. Then, a familiar smirk appears on his lips. "I'm touched, really." Derek kind of wants to roll his eyes at that. He kind of want to kiss that smirk away, too."I made a pastry to go with it," Derek finds himself saying. He didn't mean to say it, thought he could let Stiles discovers it by himself so it doesn't sound like 'I also created a pastry for you', but the words left his mouth and Stiles is looking surprised again."Really ? I might want to try it, then.""One coffee and one pastry ?"Stiles nods, the corner of his mouth turning up slightly.Derek puts the pastry in a plate, asking Stiles silently if he's going to eat here. Stiles nods again and Derek then makes his coffee in a mug, making the foam even foamier and the putting a little bit more cinnamon on it. When Stiles pays and sees the price, he frowns when Derek gives him the pastries."It's on me." Derek always gives free dessert to his favorite customers."You're way too kind to me, buddy," Stiles replies.He looks behind him and, when he sees there's no one there, stays at the counter. He looks at Derek for a while before taking a sip of his hot drink."Is it your café, then ?" Derek nods in response. "It's cool. I noticed it a while ago, but I could never come in. I was always late or like, trying to save a life or something.""You saved lives ?" "Yeah, well, sort of. My dad's mostly, by checking what goes in his stomach, and Scott's sometimes when he's having a crisis because of love. It happens a lot," Stiles adds with a fond smile. "Maybe I said that to impress you, so you'd think I'm a cop or something. But then you actually asked and I couldn't lie to you." Derek's heart swells, feels warmth travelling in his whole body as he feels affection and fondness for Stiles, things he shouldn't feel, probably, but still does. Stiles wanted to impress him. Stiles couldn't lie to him. Give Stiles an hour, and Derek might stop believing in true love, especially when Stiles is there and gives him every reason not to."Being able to take care of the people we love is pretty impressive," Derek mentions. Stiles does a double take, seems surprised again and Derek likes that he can surprise him that way. He looks pleased, then, his eyes growing warmer."I'm gonna taste that, now," he shows the dessert, brings it to his mouth. He bites in it and his eyes closes as he looks like he's tasting the single most delicious thing in the world and, fuck. This is indecent. "That's so cinnamon-y. Dude, you so get me.""Sorry, did you order anything ?" A voice says behind Stiles and both he and Derek looks at the person it belongs. Derek didn't even hear the bell, too lost in Stiles, Stiles, Stiles."Oh my god, I'm so sorry," Stiles apologies, becoming red and taking his order quickly. He moves aside, winks at Derek. "I'll find myself a table." Derek wants to tell him okay, my break is in a few, even though it's not entirely true, Erica isn't even there yet, but the new customer comes closer, leans on the counter exactly as Stiles does, but not exactly like he does. Derek almost asks him to stand straight.He takes the order of the customer, makes the coffee more out of habit than anything as he looks over at Stiles, still eating the dessert like it's the best fucking thing in the world. The guy leaves, then the door opens again and Erica comes in. She smiles at him and goes in the back where he joins her."Hey, Derek.""Erica, take my place, now.""But I start in fifteen minutes," she frowns. "I'm your boss, you start now," he tries to sound bossy. He knows he failed when she laughs lightly."Nice try, boss. I'll do it anyway, Der-bear." She pats his cheek. He replies with a roll of eyes. Derek prepares himself his favorite coffee, searches Stiles, fearing he might have been gone when he doesn't see him at the table he was before. He finds him in another one, farther from the counter than the previous one. He takes a deep breath and joins him. "Knew you'd come with me," Stiles seems pleased. "You got lucky, my employee arrived before her shift started.""Does that mean you ask her to work earlier to be with me ? Did you want to be with me that much ?" Stiles' eyes are intense at this light, liquid and golden and his nose his covered in light freckles. Derek can't believe someone can be that beautiful."Yeah," he admits finally with a knot in his throat."I'm really glad," Stiles replies. "So, what were we saying ? Oh, yeah, I save lives. It's my talent. My dad is a cop, actually, so it might comes from him. I'm really an accountant.""You look young to be an accountant," Derķek escapes, then feels horrified. Stiles doesn't, though, he laughs it off."Yeah, I am a bit, I guess. But numbers get me," he shrugs. "Aren't you a little old to be barista ?" He jokes, a playful light in his eyes."I wasn't one before," Derek replies anyway. "I took over my sister's coffee. Now it's mine and I can't bring myself to let it go." Stiles seems to understand that Laura is gone. He doesn't ask about it."What did you want to do, before ?""I was going to be a laywer," Derek smiles."That could have been awesome," Stiles comments. Derek feels pleased that Stiles agrees to his first choice of career. "Quite the conversation you had with Stiles," Erica smirks at him, later. "You owe me two hours double.""One hour double," Derek says back before he realizes it. It's too late, though. Erica looks smug, she knows she won. Derek wonders who's the boss and who's the employee between them. More often than not, it looks like she is the boss. It's not wonder she was Laura's best friend. "So what did you talk about ? Spill everything," she orders him. Derek shrugs. "Life.""That is not spilling everything, Derek Hale," Erica scolds. "I saw you laugh a few times," she adds, voice softer than before, when he doesn't say anything."He's funny," he nods. "Caring, also.""Does he match ? I know we're not supposed to ask but, Derek, I've known you forever." He thinks his silence his eloquent. Erica seems to get it, when she puts a warm hand on his arm and apologies. Stiles and his friend Scott, the one with floppy hair that came a week ago, are talking at a table, drinking coffees and eating one cinnamon pastry each. Derek came to love making this pastry because the shop comes to smell really good, even his grumpier customers seemed happier. He's trying not to eavesdrop, but they are talking loudly and excitably. Stiles shouts him a look now and then, and he always smiles brightly, and Derek's heart stopped a dozen of time ready. He can't help listening in when he hears the word "soulmates"."I'm pretty sure it's her," Scott says. "I knew it before knowing her name.""I'm happy for you, Scotty," Stiles answers with a lazy smile. "And you ?""You know I don't exactly care about my soulmate."Derek's heart gets excited at these words, before he actually remembers that he does. He really does care about his soulmate. He stops listening, doesn't look at Stiles in the hour he and Scott stay there as guilt trips him.He's cutting apples for fresh turnover when Stiles clears his throat at the counter. "Yeah ?" He calls without looking up."Just wanted to say bye. Also, I hope we can have a second date, soon." Derek does look up at that, surprised. "We had a first date ?""I like to count that time you joined me and had coffee with me as our first date," Stiles shrugs."You don't even know my name," Derek points out. "I don't like to check with fate's agenda. I believe in free will. Anyway, see you. This looks delicious," he adds before joining Scott at the door. Derek says 'thanks' in the air. He feels content as he thinks that he and Stiles had a first date. He smiles despite himself."You're so gone on him," Erica comments from the other side of the table where she's peeling apple. Derek takes an apple and throws it at her.That probably makes them even after the flour she threw at him. It's exactly 6 am when Stiles comes that morning and Derek barely has the time to unlock the door before he storms in, looking still half asleep and lets himself lean on the counter. Derek looks at him with raised eyebrows and makes Stiles his coffee before he actually orders it."So good to me," Stiles mumbles once he sees it. He takes a big gulp, drinking what seems like half the coffee all at once despite it being hot."Hard to wake up ? It's the first time you come that early," Derek remarks."Didn't want to be rushed, this time." Stiles' smile is small, intimate. Derek wonders if he would ever stop feeling for this man."Well take your time, people usually comes later, closer to 7." "Why are you opening so early, then ?""I don't like to be rushed, either." Derek puts his apron on, ties it and washes his hands. He then takes apples, starts peeling them. Stiles watches him with curiosity, head in hand, but doesn't talk. Derek likes it, being with Stiles without any of them talking. He also likes when Stiles talks so much he's not even sure what he's talking about, but Derek is more of a quiet guy and this is good. Caffeine kicks in sooner than later in Stiles' system though, and he's awake enough to actually function. Without Derek realizing, Stiles comes on the other side of the counter, washes his hands, and takes a knife."My mom made really good turnover," he shares. "That's why I didn't taste yours. Don't want to forget hers, you know ? I don't need to, in the end. You made me that dessert with cinnamon.""Yeah, I did," Derek admits. He doesn't see the point of lying. "You're lucky I really love that spice," the other smirks.  "You're lucky I like you," Derek murmurs back. "Will I have to pay you for your help or are you volunteering ?" He asks, louder. "Because I'm pretty sure I'm already over paying Erica."Stiles chuckles. "You can count this as our second date.""How weird is it that all our dates are in my coffee shop ?""Hey, I get you how I can."Derek doesn't know what to replies to that so he doesn't, but he can't hide his smile. Stiles smiles back at him. Derek only wants to give everything up and takes his face in his hands before kissing him stupid. Which, yeah, would be really stupid. Derek has trouble imagining someone more perfect for him. Can't imagine having more a pleasant time with somebody else. His heart clenches, he thinks about his soulmate. He wonders if he would be mad at him for choosing someone else. Fuck, he wants to choose Stiles so badly. His soulmate would probably understand. His mom and dad would have understood, too. Laura would have rolled her eyes and probably shoved him at Stiles, pushing him to kiss him already so he could stop pining. He wants to tell Stiles about his family, wants to hear about Stiles' mother, and more than anything, that proves something. He wants to tell everything to this man he barely knows. He trusts him. "This is pretty fun, too," Stiles says after a while. He cut all the apples, watches Derek covers them in lemon juice, a bit of brown sugar and, yeah, cinnamon. They're a good mix. Derek prepares the dough quickly, starts rolling it."Can I try ?" Stiles asks almost shyly. "Yeah, sure," Derek smiles. "Come here. Did you roll dough before ?""It's been a while," Stiles replies, coming closer to Derek. "Years, actually." Derek nods, tells Stiles to take the rolling pin. "Put flour on it so it doesn't stick, then start from the middle and roll to the top. Come down." He gives advises and Stiles listens to them, works the dough correctly. His tongue comes out of his mouth from the concentration and Derek shouldn't find this that appealing.When it's done, they cut it in squares, fill them with apples and fold them in triangles. Stiles puts a little bit of sugar on them before Derek puts the plate in the oven. "That was really nice," Stiles smiles. "How long before they're done ?""Twenty minutes."Stiles looks at the clock and gasps."I'm going to be late, I'm so sorry," Stiles says. He goes back at the other side of the counter, takes a bag Derek hadn't notice before. "Oh my god, I'm full of flour," he laughs."Wait," Derek stops him from leaving. He prepares another coffee quickly and offers it to Stiles. "Dude, I didn't even pay the first one.""Come on, take it.""Stop trying to buy my heart with free deliciousness." Stiles takes the coffee anyway."Is it working ?""Yeah, maybe," Stiles smirks, stares at Derek for one beat too long, then he's gone. Derek tastes one of the turnover he made with Stiles. It's the best one he made in years. It actually reminds him of Laura's, so he reserves himself another one. Stiles comes back the day after at 6 am exactly. He drinks a coffee, wakes up a bit, joins Derek in the kitchen and helps him. They work silently most of the time, opens up more in the last half an hour, shares about their lives. Stiles laughs when Derek tells him about Laura and Erica siding against him. Derek smiles when Stiles tells him about how Scott and him are best friend since forever. When Stiles leaves full of flour again, Derek thinks about lending him an apron. There's something with sharing his morning with Stiles that makes Derek happy for the rest of the day. Erica doesn't hesitate to laugh at him the most she can, but he knows it's with fondness."Be careful," she warns him once. "If he's not the one...""I think I don't care anymore," he admits. Erica looks surprised but she grins widely, encouraging him. Derek is surprised, too, by how relieved he feels to choose something, finally, and to admit it freely.Derek can't wait to see Stiles and do something about his choice.  His heart is pounding hard the next time he sees Stiles. It's on a Sunday, and yet Stiles still comes at 6 am, even of Derek knows he doesn't work on weekends. They prepare a new batch of turnover, Stiles almost knowing the recipe by now when he says :"I could show you my mom's recipe, one day."Derek stops, looks over to him and feels warm all over. "Yeah ? I'd love that," he replies. He knows how much this mean to Stiles, how this recipe is sacred to Stiles. Kind of like his is sacred to him."Cool," Stiles says with that little shy, intimate smile that Derek prefers over his smirks because he has the feeling this one is for him only."Why do you wake up so early, Stiles ?" He asks out of the blue, stops what he's doing. "You know why," Stiles replies easily, continues cutting the dough into square. "I don't like to be rushed before work.""You don't even work today. Didn't yesterday either.""Maybe I'm doing overtime ?" Stiles laughs. "Why do you ask ?"Derek takes a deep breath, knows this is his opportunity to say something about his decision. "Maybe because these mornings are the best moment of my day and I wish you feel the same about them."Stiles stops what he's doing, finally, and looks at Derek. His mouth is opened in surprise and Derek is going to die if he doesn't say anything."Fuck, yeah, I do," he breathes. "I come in here every mornings because you make my day." Derek lets go of his spoon, walks to Stiles who turns around so his front his toward him and Derek takes his face in his hands like he daydreamed about."I'm going to kiss you," he whispers. He feels Stiles' nod more than he sees it."Do it."He does.  They ends up in the bathroom when Stiles tugs at Derek's t-shirt to take it off. Derek feels numb from all the kisses, the firework kisses, the butterflies in my belly kisses, the desperate kisses, the soft kisses and the nibbles at your lips kisses. Kissing Stiles feels like breathing and drowning at the same time. Derek is glad sundays means slow day because he could kiss him all day. Stiles' body is against his, warm and alive, and Derek doesn't want him to leave his sides so soon. He noses at Stiles' jaw, breathes in scent as Stiles struggles to get out of his own t-shirt, when there's someone knocking on door of the bathroom. They both stop out of breath and look at the door."What ?" Derek asks after clearing his throat."Stop doing whatever you're doing with Stiles and come work, there's people and I have no turnover to give them," Erica orders him. "I give you five minutes, you better look decent.""Yeah, boss," he replies with a laugh. Stiles chuckles and Derek looks at him with a smile.When Erica doesn't say anything, he assumes she's gone and he take his t-shirt on the floor. He hears Stiles gasps behind him as he's back to him."Oh my god, oh my god," Stiles escapes. Derek looks at him with raised eyebrows. "Everything okay ?""I still don't know your name," Stiles says quickly. "And you don't know my real one." Derek frowns at that. "Is Stiles not your real-""Are you named Derek ?" Stiles cuts him, looking almost hopeful and serious, big eyes open widely. Derek doesn't know what is happening."Yeah, how do you-" he cuts himself short when Stiles shows him the crook of his elbow for apparently no reason. Then, he sees it. It's faint, just under the crook, the name of Stiles' soulmate. Derek. "What is- what- I don't get it. If you're not named Stiles, then what is your real name ?""I think you know, Derek." Derek already likes the way Stiles says his name. Then he realises. He has a name on his back, one that is unpronounceable. One that he reached to whenever he was feeling for Stiles, thinking he couldn't have this because Stiles is not his soulmate. Turns out, he can."You're my soulmate," he breathes. "Oh my god." He laughs, feels like he's about to burst open from happiness. Stiles is his soulmate. Stiles laughs, too, then grabs him and kisses him hard. Derek can feel his smile against his lips."Derek !" Erica calls from outside. "I need turnovers !" Derek brings Stiles home that day. He jokes, says they need at least one date that isn't at his coffee shop. They make out on the couch, the movie they were watching all but abandoned.  After an eternity, they cuddle and Stiles tells him why he had stopped looking out for his soulmate."When I was younger, I got obsessed with your name. I used to befriend all Dereks that crossed my path because it was on my skin, also I thought it sounded so cool. I didn't know about soulmates yet," he says. "My mom was always telling me she would explain everything to me when I'd be old enough, but when I got old enough she wasn't there anymore. I just- I let all of this go, you know ?" Stiles sighs. "I didn't see the point anymore. My mom always made it sound so magical. With her gone, it lost its magic.""And now ?" "Now, it's magic again.""I agree," Derek whispers back. "You'll have to tell me how to say your real name, one day," Derek says as they make turnover."Why ?" Stiles snorts. "I'd rather you call me Stiles.""It's on my skin. I should know how to say it. Where does it even come from ?""It's Polish. And I'll tell you how to say it only when you'll need to know it." "When will I ever need to know it ?" Derek wonders."On the day of our wedding, duh," Stiles smirks. Stiles always could take his breath away.  Stiles' dad comes in the coffee shop one morning. In his Sheriff uniforms and with his badge, he looks tall and impressive and Derek is almost intimidated by him. He orders a coffee, tastes it, seems to like it, which is a good point for Derek. He eyes the turnovers, looks back at Derek."You're Derek ?""Yes." Derek keeps it simple. He doesn't want to screw it up. "Come over on Saturday," the Sheriff says. "Stiles will take you."Derek nods and the Sheriff finally smiles at him, his face looking softer than before. He seems kind and way less scary than before.When he leaves, Erica laughs at him so loudly, customers start to look at her weirdly.  "Should I make turn over to your dad ?" Derek worries at Stiles."Yeah, that's a good idea," Stiles smiles. "I'm going to teach you my mom's recipe, he'd be pleased."They work on Claudia's recipe of turnover for two days before Derek gets it exactly right, before it gets the Stilinski Stamp of Approval, as Stiles says. When the Sheriff tastes them, he closes his eyes and smiles widely. He thanks Derek and Stiles jokes on the way back about how Derek got the Papa Stilinski Stamp of Approval.  Stiles gradually, non-officially moves in at Derek's. It starts by his clothes growing everywhere, then a second toothbrush joining Derek's by the sink. When they are living together more often than not for a few months, Derek buys a custom mug, red with Stiles' name written on it in white, a clin d'oeil of how they met. He puts a key of his apartment in it and gives it to Stiles.Stiles looks at the mug, smiles, seems to catch the meaning. When he moves it and it makes a sound, he frowns until he sees the key, takes it. "Oh my god, Derek," he breathes, holding on the key in his fist until it looks like it hurts. He hurries to kiss Derek.Derek takes it as a 'yes'. (Erica actually cries when he tells her Stiles is moving in with him. She tells him about how Laura would be so happy, too. She hugs him tightly before joining Boyd, Derek's new employee that works on the weekends so Derek can pass his with Stiles, on the working side of the counter. Derek doesn't say anything when he takes Erica's hand and gives her a napkin so she can dry her eyes.)He was back.Adrien Agreste, with his perfect blonde hair and smile, was once again gracing the Starbucks that Marinette worked at. Not that she had anything against him, but the guy was so attractive it should have been illegal.Then again, that  was why he was a model.“Hello, welcome to Starbucks,” Marinette greeted him with the brightest smile she could muster. “What can I get for you?”No response. Instead, Adrien continued to be fixated with whatever he was looking at on his phone. While he wasn’t the first customer to give her the silent phone treatment, Marinette couldn’t help but feel annoyed by it.She coughed lightly, and Adrien’s head shot up.“Oh sorry,” he replied sheepishly. “I’d like a tall, non-fat latte with caramel drizzle.”“Coming right up,” Marinette smiled, taking his card (gold, she noted) and grabbing a cup. “Can I get your name?”That was a dumb question. All of Paris knew his name.“Adrien.”Uncapping the sharpie, Marinette paused before she wrote his name. She suddenly had a devious idea.  He’s a really nice guy, I’m sure,  she thought, but she was bored and honestly, Adrien seemed like a really easy guy to mess with.Five minutes later, Adrien Agreste had his drink, with the words “Adreeyn” emblazoned on the white cup.-x-X-x- 
 Adreeyn? 
Adrien had to stop for a moment and blink in horrified awe at the way the barista had just written his name. Sure, he knew she was busy and possibly heard him wrong, but this was a little ridiculous.Sighing, he took a sip of his coffee, praying it didn’t burn him. At least the coffee still tasted perfect. He was pretty sure this was the same barista who made his drink last time, and she had the magical ability know just how much caramel drizzle his drink needed.Too bad she didn’t remember how to spell his name.-x-X-x-“Has a Starbucks barista ever spelled your name horribly wrong?” Chat Noir asked offhandedly while on patrol that night.Ladybug raised an eyebrow. “Sometimes they miss a ‘t’ or something, but no, not really. Why?”“I was at Starbucks today and they completely butchered my name,” Chat laughed. “I guess the rumors really are true.”His partner laughed. “I’m sure it won’t happen again.”It did.A second, third, and fourth time. And after “Adrun”, “Adryun” and even “Address” of all things, Adrien  knew  she was doing it on purpose.“What is up with you?” Alya asked, noting how Marinette looked deep in thought, an old receipt and sharpie clutched in her hands.“I need to think of more ways to mess up Adrien Agreste’s name,” Marinette replied, as if that were an explanation.“What?” Alya’s jaw dropped. She knew her best friend was weird, but this was  weird . “Why? Do you hate him or something?”Well, no, it was more like a personal challenge to herself. How many great nicknames can she think of? Adrien didn’t seem to be upset by it, just...confused. And she didn’t  hate him. Just how his hair was always perfect and his smile could somehow brighten her day and--“No.” Marinette waved her hands in denial. “I just like messing with him. What do you think of Adrillion? Like how his father is a trillionaire? Hah!”Alya had to resist the urge to slam her face into the countertop. Instead, she leaned against it and crossed her arms, fixing her friend with a stare. “Marinette Dupain-Cheng, do you have a crush?”Marinette snorted, but Alya could see the slight blush coloring her cheeks. “What? No!”“Okay, but every human in the city can admit that he’s attractive. So, what do you think?”“Well, I-” Marinette sputtered. “He-he’s not... ugly .”An expression that could only be described as evil slowly spread across Alya’s face. “But is he cute?”“Ugh, you’re impossible!” Marinette buried her face in her hands. “Okay, maybe I like him a little. But I barely know him, nothing’s going to happen.”Just then, the bell jangled as none other than Adrien stepped through the door.Marinette squeaked. “You know what? Alya, why don’t you take his order this time?”“Nah.” Alya winked. “Look at the time, I think I should go on break now!”“Alya!” Marinette groaned. Adrien was getting closer.“Sorry, have fun!” And as she walked past Marinette, Alya leaned over and whispered, “Why don’t you write Baedrien on his cup?”“Ugh!” Marinette huffed, vowing to get Alya back later, before spinning on her heel to face the register, smiling brightly. “Hello, welcome to Starbucks, what can I get for you?”Adrien raised an eyebrow. “Shouldn’t you know what my order will be by now?”Marinette blinked. “I’m sorry, what?”He laughed. “I don’t know, I come here every day and order the same thing. Plus, you take special effort to come up with creative names for me.”“That’ll be 4,50€,” Marinette replied, pointedly ignoring the comment about his name. “Can I get your name?”-x-X-x-Adrien looked at the recent nickname and laughed. “Adele,” he grinned. “That’s probably one of your best.”Marinette did a hair flip before she actually realized what she was doing. “I know, I try.”“So maybe,” Adrien lowered his voice to a whisper. “You should give me your number so I can say hello.”Her stomach dropped. She could only stare at him, dumbstruck as he walked out the door with  that infuriating smile .Did Adrien Agreste just flirt with her?That night, Chat Noir had much to say about the barista who was still messing up his name. “Today’s was pretty good,” he admitted. “But I had a comeback.”Ladybug rolled her eyes. “You always do. You and your puns.”“Well, she wrote Adele on my cup,” Chat smirked. “How could I resist?”At that, Ladybug froze. Adele? That was exactly what she had written on Adrien’s cup  just that day .“My lady?” Chat looked at her questioningly. “Are you alright?”No, Chat Noir couldn’t be Adrien. That was ridiculous.“Oh, you silly kitty,” she teased, brushing off the moment of panic. “Next time you should tell her your name is Chat Noir. She definitely won’t misspell that.”-x-X-x-Marinette yawned. Last night’s patrol had gone far past her bedtime and today she was regretting it. Life as a superhero was never easy.“Hey Marinette!” Alya’s shout broke into her thoughts. “It’s your favorite customer?”She groaned. Adrien was here and she didn’t have any good nicknames for him. She’d have to think fast...somehow, in her tired state of mind.“Can I get your name?” she asked, already punching his order into the register.“Chat Noir,” Adrien joked.Marinette dropped the cup, scrambling to pick it up while her heart thudded in her chest. Everything came rushing back to her. Chat Noir complaining about the barista. Marinette being very creative with her nicknames. Adele. Chat Noir.
 Adrien Agreste was Chat Noir. 
No way.“Ah, yes!” Marinette tried to smile normally. “Coming right up!”How was she supposed to process this information? Chat Noir had always wanted to know her identity, but she never thought that she would be the one to figure it out first. And certainly not like  this .She thought about her partner, bad puns, smiles and all. The way she felt after the defeated yet another akuma and how they could tell each other anything.
 He deserves to know. 
So with a deep breath, Marinette wrote a name on the cup and started making his drink.Adrien hums while he waits for his drink, still chuckling a little about how the barista dropped the cup when he said he was Chat Noir. He really outsmarted her this time.“Here’s your drink,” she smiled, an expression in her eyes Adrien couldn’t quite read.Turning the cup in his hand, his eyes scanned the black sharpied words.‘Silly Kitty.’His heart fluttered, realization sinking in.“My lady?”This is just the start
You've got a cold heart
Don’t you wanna spend 
more time 'round here?
~
“Remember, just because you’re out on your own, doesn’t mean you have to cut off all contact with the Realm.”Scott does that head-tilt that makes everyone instantly melt like an underfae’s first frost. “We know, Mom. Stiles is even getting the wee-fee installed so we can keep in contact the human way in case the magic messes up.”“Wi-fi, Scott,” Stiles corrects, heaving the couch a little further to the left, then stepping back to assess the position. Still wrong. “It’s pronounced wi-fi. Did you even read my notes?”“I don’t get why you even took notes. You’ve been a total nerd on human culture since you saw Die Hard in sprout school.” Scott disentangles himself out of his mother’s grip to nudge the couch back an inch. Perfect, of course.“For you, genius. One mistake like ‘wee-fee’ with the other college kids and we’re gonna be bumped right back to the Realm. Or worse - labelled weirdos and never get to kiss anyone ever.”Stiles starts tossing cushions on to the furniture haphazardly, frowning at the thought. That probably wouldn’t be true for Scott, of course. He’s a Sun Child - his very existence exudes sunshine and effortless calm and romance - but Stiles...“Okay, I’ll dig ‘em out,” Scott says easily.“Grocery shopping first, then kissing,” Melissa says warningly, managing to raise pointing fingers at both of them and look way more imposing than her slight frame suggests. “I’m aware of the college-kid stereotypes about poor nutrition. Grow some vegetables.”“College kids don’t grow their own vegetables, Mom,” Scott says fondly, before frowning at Stiles with a dubious hesitance. “Right?”“Right. Any and all magic-related shenanigans must be on the DL.”“That means ‘down low,’” Scott explains with pride, and it doesn’t do much to smooth the crease between his mom’s eyebrows.“No silly mortal slang over the ley network,” she grouses, before reaching out to beckon them both in. “C’mere. You have your bartering pouches, right?”Stiles pulls out the little enchanted sack and tosses it carelessly in the air. It’s pretty handy, having the exact amount for any transaction at any time. At one point, it could fit an entire goat. Stiles just hopes it allows for exchange rates and tipping.“Yes M---mph.”He gets a mash of curls, a deceptively strong arm around his neck, and a whiff of that quintessential mom scent that makes him want to cling on for just a couple more seconds before she lets go.“You promised to get in touch at least twice a moon cycle and right away if something goes wrong,” Melissa reiterates. “There’s always going to be someone close by if you get into trouble.”“You mean spies,” Stiles mutters, still affronted at the apparent lack of trust.“Friends of your father’s,” she corrects, “He’s pretty well-liked among the Earth-realmers. It’s nice.”“It’s practically imprisonment--”“We’ll stay in touch,” Scott puts in and turns his mom towards the door before Stiles can begin the old argument anew. Stiles has been  - pardon the pun - blue in the face trying to change his dad’s mind on the subject, but just because one goddamn Spring Sprite starts a turf war with some pixies, Stiles is no longer allowed to have a life. If he ever sees Jackson around after he gets out of mandated hibernation, Stiles is freezing his delicate parts right off.Melissa presses a kiss to each of their cheeks, then steps out of the apartment with an unconvinced look.“And no drugs. We have no idea of the effect--”“Yes Mom, no drugs.”Stiles can’t help but smirk; she’s such a hypocrite - it’s practically legend that her first active season correlated with an upspike in marijuana growth and subsequent recreational use among humans. It’s like she invented it.“And be careful who you talk to: you’re not the only ones who can pass for human, remember that.”“Bye Mom,” Scott says calmly, and a strained look is still crossing her face when he eases the door shut. They listen carefully for the telltale sounds of her departure to fade away before Scott turns with a grin, and Stiles matches it.“Dude.”“Dude.”It says all they need it to: Freedom.The tradition of spending a period of one’s formative cycle living among the mortals had originated long before Stiles, his father, or even his great-great grandfather could account for. The protocol was pretty straightforward: once a member of the fae reached maturity, he or she was given the choice to either immediately take up their responsibilities - be it in the Trickster Division like Scott’s father, the Muse Initiative where Stiles’ longtime friend Heather ended up, Seasonal Awareness and Design like pretty much everyone Stiles holds dear - or take a sabbatical to get to know the world you’re charged with maintaining. There were no set rules to govern what exactly that time away would involve, or even if it was mandatory. Lydia, Former Love of Stiles’ Life for instance, had graduated out of the underfae academy early and immediately fulfilled her position after the previous Autumnal Sylph had taken retirement (read: got a little too fond of the hard harvest cider). Maybe there should have been some guidelines. Thanks to Jackson, Mr-I-Have-No-Respect-For-Ancient-Territory-Lines, Southern California hadn’t experienced any season but Summer since the goddamn Pixies kicked him out and sealed the borders. All because he wanted to try out Spring Break with the mortals and trashed a goddamn mushroom ring in the course of his shenanigans.It took some clever retroactive memory manipulation as a favor from the Trickster Division, but they'd managed to fool the humans into thinking it's always been that way. At least Tricksters are useful for something other than being deadbeat fathers and acting obnoxiously smug on April 1st.But that’s beside the point. The thing is, Stiles hasn’t really had a chance to explore Earth much. His dad is High Sheriff of Winter, Commander of the Frost Fae - one of the four factions of the Seasonal Awareness and Design Sector. Frost Fae are responsible for Winter - from that first bite of chill in mid-October to the flurries of November and December blizzards, to the last, sorry-looking dregs of slush in February - Stiles’ dad oversees it all. There are thousands of operatives working under his command, in all parts of the world at different times in both hemispheres. Some areas, like the equatorial regions and most of Australia, they lost to territorial disputes back in the Early Times, and the only SADS operatives allowed in are the Sun Children, due to their general likeability and the fact that Supreme Commander Melissa can negotiate like a boss. It’s cool, though. Like Dad says - it’s an honor to be charged with maintaining the polar regions and the rotation of the Earth.The thing is, when your dad is a Big Deal in the Fae Realm and, despite all your protests, he likes to remind you that you’re ‘half-blood’ and are ‘affected more by Earth-time and elements than than full-blood fae’, it doesn’t leave much wiggle room. Stiles’ blood status, in protective Big Deal Dad logic, translated to ‘you don’t get to have any fun ever’, and couldn't have been more unfair. Dad had somehow naively believed that informing a kid that his mother was human and in the same breath, banning him from interacting with humans was ever going to work.It’s not that Stiles wasn’t proud of who he was; he totally loved coming from a long line of magical beings and having the ability to chill his nectar to the perfect temperature of tooth-stabbingly cold. He loved the Winter: how the air smelled clean, how the sky was never the same color two days running and how everyone’s faces took on that glow of life and health and inherent happiness. He loved how the snow made everything look like a dreamworld, how at the right angle, an icicle could cast a rainbow, and how every morning while the world was still asleep, he had the power to make the ground look like a clean slate - or twinkle like a million fallen stars.Winter was awesome - but he had his whole life for that. Even if it was just to be temporary, Stiles wanted to live. For that to happen, Stiles chose the most fun part of a human’s whole life (if all the movies he’s memorised are to be believed) - college.It’s not yet Fall, but he and Scott, due to some guilty finagling from his Scott’s dad, have enrolled in a northern Californian university. They’re probably not going to be hanging around to earn their undergrads, and they haven’t actually taken any spots away from actual humans, but Stiles wanted the learning experience to be a learning experience. Staying up too late. Going to parties, camping out in the library for finals. The whole shebang. Besides, they look like humans in their late-teen to early-20s right now; could probably even play some on TV.“I think we should do Starbucks first,” he announces to Scott, who, ten minutes ago, had discovered the joy of breakfast cereal.“I can hear it, man.”“Yeah, I know. It’s amazing. Starbucks?” Stiles prods, “There’s one on the corner.” He tilts his head at the map that had taken an embarrassing amount of time to pull up on the internets. “Actually, there’s one on every corner.”“Do they have breakfast cereal?” Scott asks seriously. “Dude, the milk! It's changing color!”“It’s possible - I know there’s a secret language that only their staff--” they’re called baristas, thank you, Wikipedia, “--understand. I’ll try to feel it out.”Five minutes and a lot of gentle bargaining later, Stiles and Scott are standing inside their neighborhood Starbucks, squinting up at the menu board.“What’s a ‘late’?” Scott mutters.“It’s a latte. It’s a kind of coffee.”“Is coffee what that smell is?”“I think so.”“Gee, no wonder everyone in here looks so mad. Who’s forcing them to drink this?”Scott straightens up, actually beginning to look outraged that the people in this little coffee shop are being held hostage or something."No, no... I think they like it.""Are you two going to order any time soon, or...?"They turn in tandem, pivoting to face the strange voice that seems a little closer than is probably necessary, and suggests a lot less bulk than its owner actually possesses. It’s a young man, who...wow.Stiles concentrates on breathing; he's got the same sensation as those milliseconds after you slip yet before you land on ice - but in a good way. Well, he's pretty sure it's a good way... he knows that it's not quite a feeling of sickness, but almost a dread at ever having to look away. Stiles likes looking at this creature; he may even want to make a habit of it."That... wasn't a full sentence, right?" Scott asks, blinking at the stranger and evidently weirdly unaffected. He looks to Stiles for some kind of affirmation, Stiles supposes, but it's not like he's really of use to anyone right now. The stranger's got eyes the color of a newly sprouted evergreen fir. That’s, like, Stiles’ favorite.The strang--man, the man's features do a little series of movements that Stiles suspects represent confusion and something close to irritation, but his face isn't really sure about it. Probably because it’s so beautiful."Or...I mean,” he mumbles, scratching at the back of his head, “Can you move? There's a line." He gestures one perfectly formed arm back at the group behind them, each face looking increasingly put out at the delay. His shirt is the same green as his eyes."See, Scott, people are grumpy without the coffee," Stiles blurts in response to the earlier question, because he wants to show off and, okay, he kind of panicked that the beautiful creature would leave thinking he’s an antisocial mute like those bog sidhe who only make weird shrieking noises at night. The man's eyebrows jump in possible offence, and he shakes his head out like he's not sure what to do with the statement.“It was just a question,” the stranger mutters."We're trying a coffee," Scott informs force-casually, because there doesn't seem to be anything else to say, yet they’re all still standing there and that's probably weird."Happy for you," the man responds squinting between them, further confusion crossing his features. He cocks his head, "How exactly have you never been to a Starbucks. Are you Amish or something?"Stiles opens his mouth to see what explanation decides to come out of it, when--"Sorry to break it up," a woman behind interrupts, eyes wide and threatening, “but if I don't get caffeine inside me soon, I may start trashing this place -  and I like this place.”The evergreen man apologizes before stepping aside to let the line pass them."Look, uh, just order a cappuccino. Put some sugar in it if it's too bitter, or ask for whatever flavor is your favorite. Can't go wrong," he advises, before dropping his voice. “In future, maybe don’t come to Starbucks - there’s a coffee place down the street that’s way better, and it’s reopening soon.” He nods politely before stepping back to the end of the line."We’re in your debt!" Scott says happily, stepping up to the counter again. "I'll have a Coco Puffs cappuccino please," he asks.Stiles joins Scott, chin jutted confidently. “Make it a grande.”He glances back at the stranger - who is now letting a lady with a stroller skip him in line -  to smile in thanks, but the man’s head is ducked, ears pink.The barista slumps, crestfallen. “Ugh, is this from the secret menu?” Seasonal Awareness and Design recruits, even on sabbatical, are expected to take an active role in their environment. Some of it is inherent; Scott will clear a few clouds away and tweak the atmosphere to showcase the most breathtaking of sunsets without even pausing mid-sentence. Stiles had seen Lydia, before she was even announced as Sylph, produce a hail of acorns with an absent flick of her wrist for a couple hungry squirrels while on a field trip from the academy. He thinks that might have been the moment he mentally declared her Love of his Life; Mom always said Winter lived to chase the Fall.It was made perfectly clear that, though not strictly assigned to the campus, Scott and Stiles would be expected to carry out their respective duties while living there. Efficient distribution of labor, or some such.(Dad keeping tabs.)Still, as Summer reaches its end and gives way to Autumn, it means Stiles and Scott truly are free to do whatever they please until Winter sets in. Stiles thinks the first part would, if it was a movie, be montaged with some perky guitar-led song where they move around furniture and buy stuff for the walls and sit on the floor eating processed foods.They spend the last week before school exploring - somehow not discouraged by the disastrous Starbucks visit; coffee tastes like it’s mad at you - and manage to check various Earth Realm attractions like McDonald’s, a public swimming pool, the grocery store and the library off their list.(They get kicked out of two of them.)They try every kind of junk food, fast food and health fad Stiles has ever read about online or seen in a movie. They develop their favorites (ice cream) and vow never to touch certain things again (how is kale a food?).Some nights, when all the concrete, street lights and fumes become too much, they take their mattresses up to the roof of the apartment building and sleep under the stars. This is where the montage music would fade out, Scott bundled up in every blanket they own while Stiles lies prone beneath the sky. The little college town is getting more crowded now - people moving for the first time or coming back after summer, and it feels like easing into things this way. When you grow up literally living nature, it’s better to gradually fall to Earth. Staring up above the buildings and trees isn’t the same as the cascading plethora of aurora, swirling galaxies and a moon that looks close enough to touch they get in the Fae Realm, but it makes home not feel so far away.College brings its own set of challenges. They stick together like tree sap for the first day. Well, the first three hours until Scott goes and smiles at someone and then it’s like the floodgates open. Everybody is sitting in his orbit, forming a clique as Stiles looks on. Stiles knows his bro is beautiful, okay? But do they have to giggle like that at everything he says? It’s not that he doesn’t want Scott to have a great time - he does, and part of him expected this - but there was always a part of him that wondered when Scott would outgrow him. Was this to be it?He’s sitting under a giant Coulter pine on the quad, frustratedly freezing and melting an Otter Pop, when the rhythmic pounding of footsteps above him stutters enough to pull his attention away.It’s the Evergreen Guy. Not dressed in his eye-complementing shirt today, but set perfectly against the tall, beautiful trees around him that make the deciduous ones seem to actively wilt away from their beauty. The guy is a glorious Scots pine and everything else is scorched grass.He’s wearing shorts.His skin is a soft tan color, the kind that becomes natural from an active lifestyle, and his limbs look the kind of powerful that the First People would have worshipped - hell, Stiles has seen some billboards around that show humans still revere those who don't look all that different to this. The sight of him... unlocks something; Stiles squeezes the pop so hard it shoots out of the wrapper, hitting the trunk behind him and shattering. Evergreen blinks, then lifts a hand in a hesitant wave before picking up his pace, finally turning away to follow the path around the green.Stiles drops his head into his hands; he is a thorn bush gazing at a grand sequoia.Stiles and Scott take a mishmash of classes because they’re probably not going to ever have to pick a major... and there’s just so much to learn. In Lit, the reading list contains books written by those Stiles knows for a fact were helped along by the Muse Initiative. They take Intro to Archaeology because Scott loves looking at pictures of the temples dedicated to his distant relatives, Mythology & Folklore because heh, and Stiles takes Language of Film because he got all tingly and bouncy just reading the description. It’s also the one class Scott is not taking, because he and Stiles have been watching Criminal Minds and he’s fascinated by the human condition now - both classes happen to be scheduled at the same time.If Stiles hadn’t personally met Fate and knew that she would never do anything nice for him, he’d totally blame her for the fact that when he sits in the lecture hall and the professor introduces her TA, it’s Evergreen.Whose name is Derek, apparently. (Evergreen is a dumb name for a person with shoulders like that anyway.)Stiles slumps down in the seat. If his palms were warm enough to sweat, he feels like this would be the perfect opportunity, since every time this glorious human has seen him he’s made a complete butt out of himself.While he watches, Derek nods along politely with the professor as she explains his role and their collective office hours, and he scans the room with interest. He’s wearing plaid today, a shirt that looks soft and warm and is rolled up at the sleeves to make sure Stiles definitely knows how distracting he is. His eyes lock on Stiles after a moment, and there’s curious surprise in there for a beat, before it passes when he blinks away.Stiles sincerely hopes that nothing important was said for the rest of that hour, because all he can concentrate on is the fact that Derek is there but he probably shouldn't stare at him. Humans found that rude, right?Except, if it is rude, how come every time he does sneak a glance, Derek is looking back at him?Stiles often thinks about kissing. Scott gets invited to campus parties where people want to kiss a lot. Like, a lot a lot.Stiles goes along sometimes at Scott’s request, but any time he so much as sits too close to someone, they complain about the cold or ask if there's a draft getting in. He once hears a group of girls musing aloud how opposite he and his best friend are: warm and happy versus biting and cool-humored.“As opposite as summer and the winter,” Stiles thinks bitterly.It's not his fault; Mom always said there was nothing wrong with taking some time to warm up to people. Scott’s just lucky he's only met good friends so far. Stiles wouldn't care, except for the kissing.In the movies, kissing makes your heart stop. Sometimes a kiss can solve all your problems or throw you head-first into adventure. Kisses start wars and end them. They can be saved up just for one person or given out freely, if you like. A kiss means a hundred different things in every language, and if someone wants to kiss you all the time, you must be really special.A kiss is a promise, an apology, an experiment.When Stiles sits in Film class, and thinks about kissing, he mostly thinks about what kissing Derek would be like - he can’t really imagine wanting to kiss anyone else.He watches Derek sit at the side of the lectern and diligently take notes. Stiles looks at his hands - they look warm, but the good kind of warm that brings feeling back into your cheeks. His lips look plush and lovely and remind Stiles of Springtime and the beard coming in on his chin looks like it might be soft to touch, if he ever got the chance. When he imagines it on his fingers they twitch.He watches Derek distribute learning materials and set up presentations and answer questions at the end of class, patient but standoffish, arms folded. One time, when Stiles drops his pen, Derek picks it up for him and when he holds it out, it looks like he wants to smile.Stiles thinks about what kissing Derek would be like. He thinks about it all the time when he sees Derek jog through the park in his neighborhood. He thinks about kissing that tiny hint of a curve to his lip that one day might grow into a real smile. He thinks it would be really, really nice, but he can’t ever imagine being warm enough to let Derek kiss him back.“And, of course the Fae are characterized as being around six inches tall with humanoid features...”The professor clicks into the next slide, where some dweeb with giant eyes and dragonfly wings is hovering with only a leaf covering his...parts. Scott shoots Stiles a look that makes him dissolve into mocking giggles, and the professor clears his throat.“You guys are being really disruptive,” a beautiful girl in front with skin the texture of honeyed cream informs them - but she's trying not to smile.“Sorry,” Scott says earnestly, “but come on, that's offensive.” Stiles can see the exact moment he switches on his charm, leaning across the desk and resting his chin on his folded hands to look up at her; she barely stands a chance.“Offensive to... Fairy people?” she says disbelievingly, ”I wasn't aware that was a minority group needing representation...”“They prefer the term Fae, actually. And yes.”“Sounds like you should be teaching this class,” she teases back, and she turns to face him in her seat, completely taken in.“I could tutor you, uh...”“Kira,” she smiles, dipping her head shyly. “Yeah, maybe you could.”Scott is in love, and it’s as beautiful as it is terrible. The guy has actual sunshine in his veins, and Stiles thought that was something only those of Fae descent could accomplish - but now he’s met Kira. She looks at Scott like everything he says is a delight, and as the Fall continues, they soak up each other’s warmth.Stiles isn’t jealous; he just... he came here to experience everything, and being in love looks like the greatest thing ever. He’d like to try it.Scott says things like,”We’re just seeing what happens,” or “It’ll happen for you, man,” and “I bet you’ll meet someone soon,” with the kind of confidence only someone who gets his hand held and his forehead kissed regularly can have.Stiles doesn’t say that in his quiet moments, when he lets himself be stupid, he thinks he’s met his person but that he’s too afraid to approach. He doesn’t say, “I’m intimidated by his beauty,” or “I think about his arms,” - but he thinks it. He thinks of little else.When he can’t turn his brain off, cursory research suggests that getting involved with a TA, especially one who grades papers, is either totally against the rules or frowned upon depending on your school. Like Derek would even be interested in someone who can’t sit in direct sunlight without feeling sick or needs the AC on in late September. It’s probably all for the best; last week Derek asked him if he was finding everything in the library okay, and Stiles made the temperature around them drop so severely that Derek got icicles in his mustache.(Stiles still hopes he doesn’t suspect him as the source.)So, it probably shouldn’t be Derek, if anyone. Stiles isn’t really sure if he could do the whole temporary thing anyway - he’s not so good with endings. He just really, really thought he might get to kiss someone this year. He thinks of the differences between human and Fae, and tries to stop thinking altogether.“You and Scott getting along okay?”There are flecks of snow in Dad’s beard, making him look ever more the part of High Sheriff of Winter than the lines of experience around his glacier-hued eyes or the wind-beaten crease in his brow. He’s overseeing the slow advance of the Great Chill south through Canada, and Stiles rejigged a looking glass to look like a cellphone with a cloaking charm he picked up in the Academy. And to think people teased him for joining Practical Enchantment Club. Psssh.“Yeah great. Awesome. Scott’s awesome, I’m awesome.”“Humans misuse that word,” Dad says unhappily, partially muffled by the howl of wind. “Are you sure?”“Yeah, he’s--” having way more fun than me, “Yeah.”Dad stares at him for a beat, but lets it go. “And your school?”This, he doesn’t have to embellish. He sits up on the park bench and smiles. “Super interesting, actually. I’m learning a lot.”Yesterday, he learned that Derek has adorably staunch opinions on French Cinema and that his mouth turns down at the corners when he thinks an argument is stupid, but can’t say so in the interests of facilitating a dialogue.“What’s the grin for? You meet someone?”“What grin? Who’s grinning?”Dad raises a brow. “You know, your mother and me..”“Yeah, I know. You were on sabbatical, she was a trainee witch studying elemental manipulation. It was love at first ice-storm.” Stiles tries for a bored eye-roll, even though he only knows the story so well because he begged her to tell it so many times when he was little. “Hey, Dad?”“Son?”“Did you ever regret...” he lets out a breath, picking at the corner of the mirror.“Did you ever wish--”“Not for a second.” Dad sounds so decisive, Stiles feels his own forehead crinkling. “Your mother and I... I’m probably gonna be around for a long time. Even in fifty years, she’s still gonna have been the best part of that. I could have been with someone non-human but where’s the good in that? She was the best part of me, and I wouldn’t trade that for anything. Not when she brought me you.”Stiles can’t look right at his dad, so he nods vaguely.“And I know she’d wish she could be around now, see who you become - but she lived a full life. Do you have any idea how few humans live that long?” Dad smiles wistfully, a sparkle to his eyes that has nothing to do with the wind. “I’d rather have a single day of her than a hundred years never knowing.”Stiles’ chest is tight, and he looks up on reflex, paranoid that he’s going to start bawling in public... when it seems that not-Fate strikes again.Derek is walking down the street - not in workout shorts like he’s headed for the park, but equally as traffic-stopping in jeans. He slows at a crosswalk as he texts, and instead of continuing, comes to a stop at the coffee shop on the opposite side of the street. It has cute signage and a little handwritten chalkboard outside, and through the window, Stiles can see homey leather couches and brass fittings. He’s been sitting opposite it for the past half hour and only now noticed it.“I have to go, Dad,” he says, following the movement of his own feet and taking the path to the shop. Whatever Dad says in parting is muffled as the ‘phone’ is tucked inside Stiles’ satchel, because apparently Stiles is a stalker now and oh man, what is he doing?There are two beautiful girls inside the coffee shop and Derek is hugging one of them and-- Did Stiles just gatecrash a date? Is he sabotaging Derek right now?“Can you close the door, kid?” a customer sitting by the window asks. “Friggin’ cold.”Stiles jerks forward - which is the opposite of what he should have been doing, because the door was just waiting for the removal of his weight to close, and now he’s inside. With Derek, and his..wife, or whatever. Wait, she works here? Oh crap, they probably have three beautiful children and a dog and a weekend cottage and there’s probably a really inspiring video of their country wedding online that Stiles will look up when he gets home.“What can I get you?” Mother of Derek’s Children asks, the smile still on her lips because her life is perfect and she gets to touch Derek’s beard all the time. Derek doesn’t even turn around, just takes a seat at the counter like he belongs there.“Uh, I--” Stiles starts with a lick of his lips, gathering his thoughts, before looking up and blurting, “I hate coffee.”That gets Derek’s attention. His gaze darts up from the newspaper he’d been scanning, eyebrows pulled together. The lady laughs. It’s a loud, startling bark of a thing, and Stiles tries not to like it - but the first word that comes to mind is infectious.“You might be in the wrong place, my friend,” she tells him, laying a finger on her chin in mock contemplation.Stiles pulls his eyes away from her to glance at Derek, who slowly lifts a hand. “Hey, Stiles.”“Oh,” the beautiful lady says, seeming to rest back on her heels.“Derek,” Stiles mumbles. He’s suddenly all too aware that his hands are flapping uselessly at his sides like redundant sacks of stupid.“Uh, this is Laura - my sister.”(Sister!)“Oh,” it’s now Stiles’ turn to say, and he feels the corner of his mouth lift involuntarily. “Good afternoon. Stiles.”“I gathered,” Laura stage-whispers. “So. Hot Chocolate?”“Hm?”“Since you hate coffee,” she clarifies, glancing at her brother who is looking increasingly uncomfortable with the situation.Stiles gapes. “Uh, I’m not...”“Give him a frappuccino,” Derek interrupts. There’s something introspective in the look he’s throwing Stiles’ - no, the whole shop’s - way; like he’s not looking at them, but concluding something.“Seriously? It’s like thirty-five degrees out,” Laura boggles.Stiles has heard the word around, but he’d never bothered to really look it up. “What is a frappuccino?” He scratches his jaw awkwardly, and Laura holds her hands up.“Oh for the love of--Wait here.” She bustles to another part of the counter, near her blonde colleague,  and starts measuring out different creamy-looking things in jugs.“This is the place you were talking about,” Stiles realizes. At Derek’s wrinkle of the brow, he clarifies, “That day I met you? In Starbucks.”“Oh, yeah.” He shuffles in his seat, shaking out the paper. “The time you and your friend started screaming that there was something wrong with the coffee.”“I didn’t know it was supposed to taste like that!”“Clearly.” Derek looks down, and it’s almost like that curve is back on his mouth. It makes his face look even better. “Hey, uh,” he continues thoughtfully, “How come you never-- In your papers, you have some really insightful things to say... but in class, you’re really quiet.”“I am?” Stiles had thought that his oddness made him the loudest person in the room. He throws up a hand and lets it fall.  “Buh, keeping a low profile I guess? In the Zoom.”“The Zoom?”He lifts a shoulder. “Yeah, The Zoom. When you’re super focused.”Derek turns to look at him out of the corner of his eye; raises one of those striking brows. “The Zone?”Oh crap. “Right. That’s what I said.”“One Caramel Frappuccino, for Jack Frost.”Stiles fumbles it as she hands it over, trying not to give himself away. “Um, thanks. How much do I--”“On the house. Any friend of Derek’s...”“Wow, thanks,” Stiles gushes, “I didn’t come in here expecting a free drink.”“Yeah, but once I learned of your deprived upbringing.. I mean, no frappuccinos? The humanity.”Stiles presses his lips together and looks down at the drink. He already likes Laura, and he’s really glad she’s not Derek’s wife. Come to think of it... He glances at Derek’s hands as he takes a sip; the fact that there are no rings in sight is only made better when--“Shiver my timbers! This is amazing?” He begins sucking at the straw in earnest, the sweet creamy goodness melting slightly on his tongue to taste before freezing up again in his excitement.Laura splutters out a laugh, her face delighted. “That good?”Derek’s own features are posed in pleasant surprise, and the curve is deeper - closer to a smile than Stiles has ever seen it.“Do people--I mean, why would you drink anything when-- ” he pauses for more, “Oh wow. I wike how ih feews ih ma mouf. Ngh..”Derek’s brows climb while Laura collapses into dirty-sounding giggles.“Oh my god, you hear that, Erica?” she chuckles, and the girl finally tears herself away from flirting with a buff-looking guy at the end of the bar. Laura turns back and points at Stiles. “You can stay.”Stiles does. At some point, he sits down at the counter beside Derek and starts buying frappuccinos and Derek gets his coffee topped up and they talk - they talk about class, which devolves into a list of directors they love, of films they’ve rewatched a hundred times; books they enjoyed that they’d either love to see adapted or never touched and preserved for eternity. He tries every syrup flavor Laura stocks and even one where Erica mixes four together. He orders a glass of water when his tummy starts feeling woozy and he has to pull up his shirt to give it some room until it appears to make Derek itchy or something. He learns that Derek is a grad student who wants to one day shoot wildlife documentaries; that he spends every summer helping out at a wolf sanctuary and hopes to learn as much about the habits of wild packs as those in captivity.Sometimes, when Stiles says something, Derek looks like he’s holding in a laugh. Stiles learns that Derek doesn’t laugh like it’s exploding out of him like his sister does - but that it bubbles past his lips in soft huffs and whooshes of air that feel like much more of an accomplishment.When Laura drops hints about closing time and gleefully thanks the colder weather for her day’s takings, Stiles is proud of himself  when he takes the hint.“I guess I should, uh...go home.” he jerks his head out the door. “Catch you on the flop side?”Derek’s mouth does that quiet-smirk thing again. “On the flop side, sure.” He looks thoughtful. “It was nice seeing you today. When I’m not sweaty and out of breath.”Stiles swallows; the remainder of his hazelnut frappuccino solidifying in his hand. “Uh, yeah. You sure like to run.”“Feels like I’ll go crazy if I don’t sometimes,” Derek confesses, “I need at least an hour a day to just... get out. Be free.” He seems to ruminate on the thought, before shaking it away. He holds his hand out. “Promise you’ll speak up more in class?”Stiles reaches out to take the offered hand until, at the last second, remembers the fact that to Derek, touching him would probably feel like shoving your hands in a glacier or worse. In panicked reflex, he closes his fingers and lands an awkward punch to the man’s impressive upper arm.“Uh sure...Later, skater!”He makes it all the way to his and Scott’s front door before he slaps his own forehead in embarrassment.The thing about knowing Derek outside of class is that it actually doesn’t make Stiles any less awkward around him. He sees him almost every day after the one in the coffee shop - apart from a couple days when Stiles is busy with Harvest Moon celebrations - and he has yet to get used to it. Sometimes they’ll pass on campus and sometimes Derek will even slow down to talk to him - even when he’s jogging -  but Stiles can usually only manage a few stilted sentences, hands fisted in his pockets while he tries not to coat the closest windows in fern frost.Scott and Kira seem to be living an actual - pardon the pun - fairytale. Well, less fairytale, more teen rom-com. At Halloween, they wear a couples’ costume inspired by her favorite Disney movie and Stiles makes excuses to stay in despite Scott’s adorable needling when dressed up as a dog. The next day is November and Stiles actually hasn’t so much as frozen the dew in their balcony garden, much less started frosting the entire territory. So, he didn’t just make up the excuse. His Dad made his own feelings known by conjuring a blizzard over Stiles’ face in every mirror he happens to try to use.Leaving the modern comforts of his and Scott’s apartment, Stiles can feel the charge in the air; like everything in him is being brought to the surface. It’s exhilarating as it is terrifying, and he can’t believe he’s never truly experienced the rise of Winter in the Earth Realm before. It’s like everything he was supposed to be is now manifested in him - purpose given to the chill in his fingertips, a reason for the bite on his breath and meaning to the cold aura that follows him around all his days. Stiles pulls his hood up and steals across the street to the local park - nature is always the best place to start.He touches the trees as he passes, tendrils of white snaking out from his touch. It seems stronger here, maybe because the Autumn took so long and seemed stubborn by comparison. He smiles, takes a running jump at the next tree and taps a withered, low-hanging leaf. The limbs and trunk  and roots follow suit and he grows bolder - the park isn’t empty; and a bonfire complete with fireworks takes up a clearing, so he times an ice-blast perfectly with a bloom of brilliant light in the sky and freezes six trees and a bench, all at once. Their roots feed into the earth to the vegetation to the next tree. A distant crowd coos with delight, and Stiles lets out a breathless laugh as he spins, then falls to the frigid, crackling grass, a proud grin on his face.He wouldn’t admit he’s keeping watch for Derek over their midterm break, but he definitely notices when he’s not around so much. Maybe a part of him feels like he’s posturing his abilities for the whole world., but he’d especially like to know what Derek thinks of Winter’s touch over the little college town. Look what I did... pretty neat, huh?Stiles’ bedroom window faces the park across the street, yet he never seems to catch sight of Derek out running first thing in the morning anymore. Not even when he sits on the sill with fingers splayed over the glass and watches swirls of frost decorate the panes and disappear again. Without Film class, there’s precious little excuse to see him, except...Laura’s face lights up when she catches sight of Stiles in the doorway, and she lifts her frappuccino jug in greeting. Stiles gives her an awkward little nod and hides his grin as he turns to where her brother is sitting.  Derek’s wearing this knitted sweater that sort of drapes around his neck, showcasing a mesmerizing little smattering of chest hair. Stiles sits down without looking away from it once."Having a good break?" he eventually asks. He hopes he's not imagining the pleased look on Derek's face, but he can't be sure."Grad students don't really get breaks, it's punishment for our poor life choices." Derek manages to sound grumpy and good-natured all at once, in a really endearing way."I'm sorry," Stiles commiserates. "If it's any consolation, you get to act more educated than most. Oh, thanks," he directs to the last part to Laura as she places his drink down in front of him."Yeah, I'll try keep that in mind. How's the paper going?""Not bad, I'm pretty sure literally everything on the subject has already been said, but I'll try my best to make it really bitchin’. Be original, ja feel?""You're always that," Derek murmurs, and the best kind of shiver runs down Stiles' spine. He tries to cover it with a sip of his coffee, and mostly succeeds."Hey, how come I never see you out running anymore?" At Derek's look, he blushes and adds, "It just seems like you're not having any fun at all. Sucks.""Oh...the paths. I tend to run inside in winter, in case I slip and hurt some poor, unsuspecting pedestrian. It's for the good of the community," he quips.Stiles' heart sinks. "You can't run because the paths are frozen?""Not unless I did it after the city have been around to salt them. But by then it's usually too late.""But... it's your favorite.""I'll live. I mean, running at a gym isn't the same as that... that morning smell.. but.. you know."Stiles feels the first stab of guilt he's ever had since he started learning about Frost Fae duties. It seemed like the best thing; giving people snow days, making everything pure and beautiful - but to take such a simple joy out of Derek's life... He hates it.“I... I’m so sorry.”Derek’s brows draw together. “Uh, it’s not so bad.”Stiles’ breath comes out harsh. “But you said--and I.. This is awful. This is the worst thing since the Titanic!”“What does that have to do with--”“The iceberg, Derek. I have to go. Toodle-pip.”“Stiles, hold on.. what’s...”He tosses some money on the counter and hops up. He has some thinking to do, and Derek’s worried tone isn’t helping.“Son, you can’t postpone Winter, just for one human.”Scott’s mouth twists unhappily and he turns to Stiles, gesturing at the looking glass. “That’s what I said.”“But it’s-- He never smiles. I’ve known him for almost three months now and he’s never, not once, smiled at anything. And I think he’d have a good one. I think his smile would be amazing and--”“No postponing Winter for a boy,” Dad glowers.“His eyes look like a Caribbean sea,” Stiles whines, and Dad manages to convey an eye-roll through a Siberian blizzard. It’s impressive.“Stiles, If you’d stop over-dramatizing for a moment, I’m trying to tell you that you can learn control. It was always the same at the Academy: Stiles has ample talent but lacks the restraint and will need further supervision.”Stiles narrows his eyes. “You mean, I could still perform Frost duties but leave the paths alone for Derek?”“Like Drought Prevention for Sun Children!” Scott says enthusiastically. “Dude, it’s perfect.”“Dad, did I mention that you’re my hero? What do I have to do?”“First thing?” Dad sighs, brow raised. “Find somewhere secluded.”Further up the mountains, Stiles thinks the Earth feels like it’s exhaling. Like it’s had to be so loud and animated for so long that the time has come to wind down, let everything go. If he closes his eyes, he can almost see the ley lines beneath his feet. He can feel them settling for the year’s end, dispersing their power back into the soil and rock and roots for rejuvenation. It’s the night of the Frost Moon, and he draws encouragement from the symbolism as he searches for a clearing to find his bearings.Dad had said it was all about balancing himself, finding his center and talking back to the Earth as she talks to him. His powers are kind of a hybrid of his mom’s Pagan beliefs and his dad’s elemental control, which meant nobody was strictly qualified to teach Stiles how to use them growing up. A lot of Stiles’ journey to date has been trial and error.He begins with matching the frequency of the energy. It’s so much easier up here, and as he feeds into the earth, he can feel it pushing, no giving back at him. It’s like a dance, each inhale-exhale of power draws him further in; bolsters him just a little. He can feel the animals in the trees, the moisture in the ground and the unmistakeable electricity in the air. Stiles holds his hand out and stares at it. A tiny snow-storm manifests on his palm, swirling and undulating like a snowglobe without the glass until he closes his fist. He smiles, lifts his chin.Choosing a tree, he picks a branch that’s within reach. He extends his hand to it, hovering just away, and lets his energy soak into the bark. The branch starts to glisten a brilliant, sparkling white, out to the end of each twig and dormant bud. This right now is the part he has to work on - Stiles stares at the juncture of branch and trunk and wills the frost to stop spreading. He thinks of the satisfied look on Derek’s face when he describes the freedom of running and he needs it to stop. He needs to give Derek this, if nothing else.Something happens. The spread hesitates, but the power feeding into it is the same - just now has nowhere to go. The ice cuts into the bark and audible cracks start echoing through the trees.“No... no stop,” Stiles begs it - but it’s too late. The branch starts splintering, thick fissures appearing in the side of the limb and snaking down the trunk until the entire thing splits. Stiles is forced to jump back out of the way as it falls with an almighty crash and all he can do is stare on balefully, feeling worse than ever.“M’sorry,” he tells the tree. “I didn’t mean to--”There’s a flurry of movement to his left, through the woods. Stiles whips around at it. Stepping further away from the remains of the tree guiltily as he scans the area, he holds his hands up.“It was an accident!” he says to no response, then, “Who’s there?”There’s nothing for a second, then a rustling in the vicinity that he struggles to follow with his eyes. Suddenly, the forest feels like a crowded place. The moon disappears and there’s an energy reverberating through the earth that’s stronger than everything but Stiles himself.  Stiles’ lungs heave, and he blinks past the frigid plumes escaping his lips, manifesting his fear.“Show yourself,” he commands, trying to push as much power in his voice as he can. It must work, because the movement stops. It becomes easier to track it; the rustling turns into footsteps, and a silhouette appears between two mighty trunks, framing it entirely.“Stiles?”That...was not who he was expecting. Stiles’ feet want to take a step forward, but the lingering shadow of energy he’s picking up halts his foot in mid-air. Did Stiles bring him here somehow? Was his will so strong?Is this even Derek?“What are you--” He takes the step, wetting his lips. “How did you get here?”“I was in the woods, with my--” he cuts himself off, head turned towards the tree. “Stiles, what’s going on? Have you been hexed?”Stiles can’t see the look on his face, and something about it makes him extra-uneasy. “There’s an explanation,” he evades, trying not to get sidetracked though his brain is trying to process the fact that his Language of Film TA knows about hexes. “What were you doing in the woods?”As he says it, the light changes. When the clouds part, revealing the brilliance of the moon once more, Stiles notices two things.The first is that Derek, in the middle of one of the coldest nights of November, is standing in the woods without a single item of clothing on. That, on an ordinary day, is enough to steal Stiles’ breath away. However, it’s the second that really makes his head swim; Derek’s eyes.“Don’t freak out,” Derek tells him - redundantly, because that ship has sailed and his eyes are a stunning, unearthly electric blue.“Who said I’m freaking--” Stiles starts, but the words are choked, because before he even finishes the sentence, Derek is fully bathed in the light of the Frost Moon, and promptly transforms into a full-sized, black-pelted, blue-eyed wolf.“No, no hex. Stiles is a--” Derek glances at him over his shoulder, then turns away. “Look Laura, I’ll explain when I get home. I just thought I’d call because I knew you’d worry and I hate giving you ammunition to lecture me.”Stiles smiles down at his hands, then out through the trees to the rising sun, and thinks about sweaty palms again.“You really thought I was hexed?” he asks once Derek has returned his phone - the actual, electronic one this time.“We just knew you seemed to be able to manipulate temperature. So, either that or a trainee druid. Maybe even an emissary.”Stiles frowns. “Oh, like for werewolf packs.”“Right,” Derek nods. “Laura needs one, actually. But you kept saying weird phrases and didn’t seem to be in control, so...”“Hey! You try learning how to talk from movies! And I was in total control!”“Moustache icicles,” Derek retorts, stonefaced. It doesn’t last long and as the sun grows stronger, his face seems to soften.“That was your fault,” Stiles argues, shifting his position on the rock. The trees around them are lightly dusted with frost, enough to refract the beams gently around them. Stiles can’t keep the smile off his face.“If you say so,” Derek mutters petulantly. He slowly sits down next to him, but seems careful not to get too close. A little of Stiles breaks at that.“Werewolves. Of all things, the one thing my dad didn’t warn me about.”Derek lifts a shoulder. “Laura hasn’t formally reclaimed the territory. Our family held it for about 300 years, my mom for 120 of them, until she...” He swallows his words. “It’s been a while since we lived here, you weren’t to know.”“Still,” Stiles grouses, letting the unfinished sentence slide - life stories can come with time. “I’m giving him so much crap later.”There’s a beat of silence and wind and the sway of trees, then Derek says, “Is that why...” and then stops.Stiles turns, eyebrows raised. “Why...?”Derek studies him for a minute. “Is that why you never want to be touched? Because you were keeping yourself a secret?”Stiles’ cheeks color again. “You noticed that?”“I kinda hoped it was the secret - either that or it was me.”Stiles wants to laugh at how wrong he is. “Believe me, you were not the problem.”Derek’s eyes are dreamy-soft. “Yeah?” he says, and he smiles. Really smiles, for the first time since Stiles has known him. He’s got these crinkles that appear around his eyes and prominent front teeth like he might even be part bunny. It lights up his entire face. And Stiles thought the damn sunrise was stunning. It’s got nothing on that smile.“Yeah,” he replies, needing to look away, “Not only are you my TA--”“For one semester...”“--But I’ve got this whole hands-like-ice-thing going on.”Very slowly, Derek raises one of his beautiful hands by his face and opens it. He looks to his hand, then to Stiles, his gaze challenging.“You know,” he says conversationally, “Werewolves, in addition to having accelerated healing and outliving most other mortal things, naturally run hot.”Stiles’ stomach flips with the implication. “Oh really?”Derek wets his mouth and nods towards his upheld hand. “See for yourself.”Hesitantly, Stiles raises his own. It looks so pale and skinny next to Derek’s, and he concentrates on keeping his energy even and steady so as not to cause some kind of discomfort. His control has never felt so tenuous as right now. He lines up their fingers - his slightly longer than Derek’s - and presses together.Stiles would like to tell this story in the future and say that something phenomenal happened; that an explosion from their point of contact knocked them both back ten feet and the world went so bright that neither of them could see - but that’s not what happens. No, instead, Stiles’ fingertips start tingling. It’s like his whole life he’s been numb and going through it never really feeling anything until right now, until Derek’s life and warmth touched him.Derek is putting the feeling into his skin.Stiles’ chest empties with a whoosh. He imagines he can see his complexion going from grayscale to color. He imagines the blood flushing life into his extremities, and when Derek threads his fingers around his own, the feeling continues up his arm, to his chest and his stomach and his head and...His lips.Derek is looking at his lips and Stiles is leaning into his space and he’s thought about kissing so much. He never thought he’d get the chance.When Derek kisses him, it’s everything Stiles imagined and more - the taste, the scent, the sensation. When Derek kisses him, Stiles feels like he’s floating off the Earth for the first time in his life, and there is nothing claiming him back except the opportunity to do this, to feel this, again. Nothing but the hands moving into his hair, gently touching his jaw and his neck.When Derek kisses him, for the first time in his life, he is just Stiles. He is not his father’s son. He has no duty, he has no expectations placed on him - he is his own person, and that’s a gift he never even knew he wanted.When Stiles kisses Derek, it starts to snow in a California forest for the first time in 53 years.That night, hunched over the looking glass, Stiles tells his dad, “So, uh, I might be sticking around here a little longer than originally thought." He chews on his lip, adds, "By the way, what’s your stance on Werewolf-Fae relationships?”Stiles’ dad, Sheriff of Winter, Commander of the Frost Fae, blows out a breath and says “Make a dinner reservation. Italian. And I wanna meet his Alpha.”Derek, miraculously, goes as pale as Stiles. “Aw, crap,” he says,“Bugger,” Stiles agrees. When the door opened across the small coffeehouse, the sound of it was distinct enough that Stiles Stilinski stopped what he was doing and smiled brightly at the girl heading towards the counter, eyes on her phone.He moved back to the till and waited for her to reach him, finally looking up and offering a small smile.“Welcome to A Howling Good Coffee, what can I get you?”“What kind of tea do you have?”“Anything on the board,” Stiles said, turning to motion the overhead board, which boasted their rather impressively large selection of cold and hot beverages. “What kind of tea are you thinking? Green tea? Black tea? Iced tea?”“Can I get a large Darjeeling tea to go?”“Coming right up.” Stiles winked and turned to grab one of the to go cups, sticking two tea bags into it and humming to himself while using the hot water machine to fill it up just enough that the girl could add milk to it, if desired.Turning back to her, he set it down and saw she had her card ready, so he put the total in, motioned the machine, and waited while she tapped her card. The till opened as the receipt printed and he ripped it off, setting it in the card section of the till before closing it and smiling brightly at her while she picked up her tea.“Thank you for steeping by!”A loud groan sounded from his left, but Stiles just grinned and nodded to the girl as she got herself organized to leave. She smiled back, clearly amused by his pun, and then turned to walk out of the small coffeeshop into the cooling air outside.Winter was coming. And not in a Game of Thrones way, in an actual winter was coming kind of way. With the snow and the wind and the cold and just all-around general winterness.“I swear, the only reason you were hired was because of your ridiculous puns,” a voice said from through the door that led into the back room.“I’ll have you know, it was my good looks and charm that got me hired, my puns had nothing to do with it.”“Uh huh.” Erica Reyes emerged from the back carrying a large tray of baked goods. She moved to the display case and began to transfer items from one to the other. “The fact that you saw the name of the place had a pun had absolutely nothing to do with you regaling Peter with puns for over an hour until I was positive you were murdering him with how hard he was laughing.”Stiles grinned, because it had been a rather amazing interview, if he did say so himself.The owner of the small coffeeshop, Peter Hale, hadn’t actually wanted to meet with him originally because he insisted his establishment was for Supernatural folk only. Not to drink there, of course, but for hire. There was a lot of discrimination in the world, and he wasn’t interested in giving a spot up to some human who could literally work anywhere he wanted. It wasn’t as easy for Supernaturals to get jobs, even in retail, so giving up a Supernatural spot to a human was something Peter had been strongly against.But Stiles had persisted, because anyone who named their shop with a pun was someone he absolutely wanted to work for, and he’d kind of bullied his way into the man’s office. One pun accidentally came out of his mouth while insisting he be given a chance, and that had been enough for Peter to pause, eye him with interest, and then offer him five minutes to convince him.He ended up staying almost an hour, he and Peter trying to out-pun each other, and it had probably been the best interview of his life because it was all just having a laugh. After all that time, it was impossible for Peter not to give him a job, so Stiles had been happily working at the place for just over five months. He had a few shifts here and there with Peter, and the guy was actually super amazing for a Werewolf.Not that Stiles had a problem with Werewolves, but Peter was one of those ‘bad eggs.’Blue eyes and all. Everyone knew what blue eyes on a Werewolf meant.People killers.But Stiles didn’t care about that. For all Stiles knew, Peter had killed someone in a car accident one night when his car spun out of control. He tried not to think the worst of people and just liked to insist Peter’s business was his own and as long as he liked Stiles well enough not to eat him for dinner, then he was happy.Besides, Peter wasn’t in jail, which meant the officials had obviously investigated and deemed him a non-threat, so Stiles wasn’t going to worry about it. Still wasn’t going to tell his dad his Werewolf boss had blue eyes though, that was just a recipe for disaster right there.Stiles went back to cleaning the coffee machine, since the place was empty save for the two girls writing in the back—Peter always said to leave them be because they bought enough food to pay rent for the month, so Stiles tried not to be annoyed about it. He just didn’t like it when people hogged seats in coffeeshops, because every time he’d ever gone out with friends when he was younger, they never found seats because of people with laptops just chilling for hours on end.Homes existed! People had couches and desks at home! Maybe they should spend time there instead of the coffeeshop!Then again, he knew he was just being bitter because of his own personal experience. The two girls were actually really nice, and they always tipped, which he appreciated.Erica was still restocking their baked goods when the door opened. Stiles glanced over and grinned when he saw their replacements walking in. Isaac Lahey and Vernon Boyd were chatting while entering the small shop, both of them wearing stylish coats and a brown scarf wrapped around Isaac’s shoulders. Stiles often wondered how they could all afford clothes like this—Erica included—on a coffeeshop salary, but he also suspected they might all be part of the same pack. Packs always took care of each other, and while Stiles would’ve loved to find out more about their lives on the Werewolf side, it wasn’t polite to ask. There was societal etiquette to follow, and asking a Werewolf about their pack as a human was a big no-no unless they offered up the information first.So, Stiles just speculated they belonged to a mega rich pack and left it at that in his head.He opened his mouth to greet them, but before he even got a word out, Boyd pointed his finger at him and flashed his amber eyes.“One pun comes out of your mouth and I’ll make you regret it.”Stiles grinned, but didn’t want to press his luck so he just waved and went back to cleaning the coffee machine while the other two headed into the back to get out of their winter clothes. Boyd kissed Erica’s temple on his way by and she grunted in response. When she glanced at Stiles, he smirked and waggled his eyebrows.She threw a wrapped biscotti at him and he laughed.Boyd was very PDA, but surprisingly Erica was not. Stiles would’ve assumed it was the other way around when he’d first started, because of their personalities, but as time passed it slowly became obvious that Erica didn’t like flaunting her relationship around, and Boyd was just happy to be near her all the time. He wasn’t disgusting about it like some people could be, he was more cute about it, but Erica hated it. She tolerated it because she loved Boyd, but it was always funny to see her react to lovey dovey things he did sometimes.Stiles was kind of a dick in that he liked to exacerbate the problem.Boyd came back out in a black T-shirt and slacks, pulling on the bright blue apron that was customary for all the baristas, the store’s logo on the front. “Peter texted to say he put the new schedule up last night. He didn’t get the chance to come by to talk to anyone about it.”“It requires talking about?” Erica asked, straightening and brushing her hands along the front of her apron. She narrowed her eyes suspiciously. “Why?”Boyd shrugged but just moved to the tills to count them down for the night shift. Stiles checked the time, mentally calculating how long he had before he needed to head for his one night class at seven. He wandered towards the schedule while he continued to count, and determined he had time to head home for a quick shower.Working with a bunch of Werewolves always made him feel like he wasn’t clean enough, for some reason. Probably because they always gave him weird looks when he got too close, like his scent bothered them. He’d switched to unscented soap and tried for neutral things with shampoo, but it never seemed to make them happy and thus he showered more frequently out of some weird sense of hygiene obsession. It seriously always felt like he made them want to puke whenever he got anywhere close to them.Moving to the schedule, he flipped it open, looking over the current week. He had work the following day with Boyd—morning shift—and then was off until the following week. He flipped the page to the next week, looking over all his days, and frowned when he saw a new name.It looked like he was working with this new person every day the next week. On a whim, he flipped to the week after, since Peter sometimes had the chance to do two weeks of schedules, and noticed it was also there, with every shift being with this new guy again.“Hey,” Stiles said loudly, frowning down at the schedule. “Who’s Derek?”He heard a clatter and looked up, seeing Erica and Boyd both staring at him with Isaac having rushed to the door that led into the back. When he’d swung it open, it had hit off a metal shelf, hence the clatter.“No!” Isaac insisted loudly, causing the two regulars in the back to glance over. “No, tell me he’s not back!”“Isaac,” Boyd reprimanded with a scowl, but it didn’t seem as though Isaac cared.Before Stiles could even say anything, Isaac had crossed the area, apron in one hand, and practically knocked Stiles over he was leaning into him so much, checking over the schedule and letting out a groan.“Dammit, no. Things have been so good without him around. Why is he coming back?”“Isaac, remember who you’re talking about. Be polite,” Boyd insisted, having returned to taking down the till, though Stiles could see him frowning. “He’s been through a lot.”“Dealing with him is a lot,” Isaac muttered, eyes on the schedule. “Wait. Wait, are you...” Isaac flipped through what was present of the schedule, then shifted his head around to look at Stiles. “Holy shit, Peter scheduled you to work every shift with Derek! He either hates you and wants you to quit, or he thinks way too highly of you.”Stiles was looking back and forth between the other three, noting all their reactions. Isaac seemed the most upset by this news, but even Boyd and Erica looked unhappy with this Derek guy working every shift with Stiles.“Okay,” he said slowly, looking at them all in turn. “Should I be scared, or...?”“No, there’s nothing to be scared of,” Boyd insisted, finishing with the till and shutting it, turning to Stiles while holding the old till in one hand. “Derek won’t hurt you.”“That’s good?” Stiles said uncertainly, not meaning for it to be a question.“Derek is...” Erica trailed off. “Derek is just...”She looked to Boyd for help, like she wasn’t sure what to say.“Difficult,” Boyd offered, at almost the exact same time as Isaac snapped, “A huge dick.”“Fantastic.” Stiles looked back down at the schedule, a little annoyed. He’d thought he and Peter were getting along, but apparently if he was trying to make Stiles suffer, maybe he’d misunderstood their friendship.He doubted Peter thought highly enough of him to assume that Stiles would survive someone who was apparently an asshole for five shifts a week on a regular basis. It looked like Derek was only ever working with Stiles. The other three rotated around each other with Peter thrown in every now and then, but no one else worked with the guy.Uncool. If Peter hated him so much, maybe he should just fire him.“Don’t worry about it,” Boyd said, Stiles glancing up at him. “He’s really not that bad. He’s just unpleasant to be around. Just ignore him and you’ll be fine.”“Right.” Stiles didn’t know how that was going to work out, but he tried not to dwell on it. He just took a picture of the schedule so he could ensure nothing clashed—though Peter was good about making sure it didn’t—and then shrugged away from Isaac, heading for the back room to change. He hung his apron up behind the door then grabbed his messenger bag, waving to the others while moving out from behind the counter and heading out so he could rush home for his shower before class.He didn’t know who this Derek guy was, but hopefully he wouldn’t be as bad as the others implied.Dropping his messenger bag on the floor by his desk, Stiles sighed while wandering to his bed and falling onto it, groaning and rolling onto his back. He stared up at his ceiling for a few minutes, brain still a little overloaded from three hours or class, then pulled his phone out of his pocket.He scrolled through it to FaceTime, then tapped on his best friend’s name, waiting while it rang. When it connected, he winced, because it was very evident he’d been sleeping given he was lying on his stomach in bed with his hair matted down on one side and his eyes almost shut.“Stiles,” he said, voice thick with sleep. “You are determined to have me sleep deprived.”“Not my fault you’re ahead in the world,” Stiles insisted, though he did feel bad. He often forgot that they were three hours apart.Scott McCall had been his best friend since before birth, their mothers having become friends during some birthing classes. When they were both born within two months of each other, it was easy for them to latch onto one another. They were in all the same classes, had all the same after school activities, and had basically grown up together more as brothers than friends.Stiles knew Scott’s family didn’t make a lot of money, given it was just his mom because his deadbeat, drunkard, asshat of a dad had left and never come back, but Scott had managed to get an amazing opportunity to head to New York for university. They’d never been apart before, so when Scott had left, it had hit Stiles really hard. He was at least relieved Scott was just as affected, because the first year had been rough for both of them.Scott also forgot about the time difference, and their first year apart had mostly been the two of them calling each other at horrible hours. Like Scott calling before his seven am class, which was four in the morning for Stiles. And things like this, where Stiles would call Scott at the end of the night and have it be all hours of the morning for him.They never got mad about it though, and even when one of them was sleeping, they still woke up and chatted, because they really missed each other. It was hard, being apart.Harder still that Scott hadn’t visited even once since he’d left. His mother couldn’t afford to fly him back and forth, so Scott stayed out in a small apartment in New York year round. It had been three years since they’d seen one another face to face, and Stiles was seriously in withdrawal.It was only made worse when he remembered their final weeks together. Scott had been sick. Really sick. He’d barely been making it to school, and he and Stiles couldn’t really hang out because of how unwell he was.Stiles hated it. He missed Scott, he missed spending time with him. He wanted him to come back, but that was the selfish part of him. That was the selfishness insisting what he wanted was more important than what Scott did, so he tried to reign that in as much as possible. Scott getting an education like this was amazing and he wanted to be happy for him about it.“How was your night. You had an exam today, right? How’d it go?”Scott rubbed at his face sleepily, inhaling deeply and settling more comfortably in bed, hugging his pillow beneath his cheek with one arm, the other holding his phone. It was kind of at an angle, but Scott was obviously tired, so Stiles forgave him.
“It went well, I think. Managed to answer everything this time, so that’s a plus.”
“I hope you did well,” Stiles said with a small smile. “Wouldn’t want you to go through all this hard work only to fail at your end goal.”
“End goal’s kind of... fluctuating.”
Stiles frowned. “What do you mean? You’ve wanted to be a vet since you were, like, four.”Scott shrugged, which Stiles wasn’t really happy about. Scott had big plans of working at the vet’s clinic in town with their one and only local vet, Alan Deaton. He’d been talking about it for years, even going so far as getting a part time job there in his sophomore year of high school, which he’d kept until graduation. But the past two years, Scott kept oscillating between wanting to keep his major, or switching out, and Stiles didn’t understand why he’d changed his mind.He didn’t seem happy about changing his end goal, but he often spoke about another career path, which made no sense.“I think being a vet just isn’t in the cards for me, is all.” Scott shrugged again, eyes closed while he kept the phone held up.Stiles should let him sleep, but he wanted to chat just a bit longer. It sucked not being able to talk to him whenever he wanted like he used to.“So, what’re the plans this winter?” Stiles asked, sitting up and shifting on the bed, bringing both legs up so he could cross them together beneath him. “You coming home to see your mom for the holidays?”Scott’s eyes opened at that and the look on his face made Stiles’ heart sink.He knew the answer before Scott even spoke.“I can’t,” he said quietly. “Sorry, Stiles. I want to, I really do. I miss you like crazy, and I want to spend time with you, but I just—I can’t.”“Right,” Stiles propped his voice up and forced a smile. “No, man, I get it. Flights, am I right? They’re expensive.”Scott winced on the other end, and didn’t look at the camera when he said, “Yeah. Flights are expensive.”“Well, I should let you sleep. It’s late over there. Sorry I woke you.”“It’s cool.” Scott hesitated. “Stiles?”“What’s up, buddy?”
“You know you’re my best friend, right? You know that—aside from my mom, you’re the most important person in the world to me. You know that, right?”
Stiles laughed a little. “Dude, don’t get all sappy on me.”
“I’m serious.”
“Yes, Scott. I know. You’re my brother, I’m your brother. We’re always going to be there for each other, no matter what. Now go to sleep before your brain turns to mush and you start professing your undying love for me.”Scott rolled his eyes. “Whatever. I’ll talk to you later today, okay?”“Sure thing, buddy. Miss you.”“Yeah.” Scott looked sad when he said this. “I really miss you, too. Good night, Stiles.”“Night Scott.”He let Scott be the one to hang up, then fell onto his back once more, staring up at his ceiling. He should visit Melissa, she was probably missing her son something fierce. She was all alone in her big house now, and while he and his dad invited her over for dinner every now and then—where she cooked, because she didn’t want to be poisoned—it wasn’t the same. He should stop by the hospital and see her to make sure she was doing okay.Grunting and trying not to feel sorry for himself, Stiles got himself organized for bed since he had work in the morning, but he couldn’t stop the ache in his chest at how much he missed Scott.Stiles’ next shift—the last one before meeting this Derek guy—was with Boyd, and he tried to grill him for some information. It proved to be difficult once Boyd informed him he was Peter’s nephew, Derek Hale, because that wasn’t a story that was polite to pry into.Everyone knew the story about the Hales. When Werewolves were finally given amnesty and it was decided they weren’t considered a threat and could live normal lives, some people didn’t take kindly to the new laws being passed. A group of Hunters had gone to the only known Werewolf house in town, the Hale’s, and had burned it to the ground with the whole family locked inside.Only four survivors had escaped the flames. Cora Hale and Malia Hale, who’d both been at boarding school at the time, Derek Hale, who’d been out with friends, and Peter Hale, who’d actually been in the house but had somehow survived the worst of the fire.Stiles remembered his dad pulling doubles at the time, trying to find those responsible, and while they’d eventually been brought to justice, it didn’t take back what they’d done. Peter’s entire family had died barring his daughter, niece and nephew. Both his niece and his daughter were still fairly young at the time, and a lot of people said neither of them seemed very broken up about it, but Derek had been about sixteen or seventeen.And he went a little wrong after the fire.Not in a kill-all-on-sight way, more in a lack of trust way. He hated everyone, he didn’t want to be near people, and rumour had it he was a recluse living up in the mountains outside Beacon Hills doing God knew what. Most people assumed he would just live out there for the rest of his life, alone, away from the people he hated so much.Evidently they were wrong, because he was back in town. And the way Boyd, Isaac and Erica spoke about him, it sounded like he came back to town fairly frequently, like he spent only a few months a year up in his cabin before deciding he needed to be around other people.It also reinforced Stiles’ belief that everyone involved was part of the same pack. Peter had a lot of money, and Derek was apparently loaded, so it made sense they would have enough means to support a rather large pack.Still, not his business, so Stiles didn’t ask about it. He just let Boyd tell him about experiences he’d had working with Derek.Basically, he sounded like the fun police. If someone was having fun, they weren’t working hard enough. Which was definitely going to be a problem, and further reinforced the whole ‘Peter wanted him to quit’ thing.Stiles had morning classes his first shift with Derek, and of course, his class ran late which meant he missed his bus, which meant he exited the shower ten minutes later than normal, which meant he missed his second bus, and by the time he got to work he was just on time. Like, on the nose exactly on time.He was brushing drops of water off his head, hair still wet from his shower, when he noticed the sour-looking dude behind the counter. He was standing behind the till with his arms crossed, muscles bulging in the tight black shirt he was wearing. He had the apron on, but tied only around his waist with the top part hanging down, like wearing it to begin with was beneath him.He had a neatly trimmed beard, almost military-precision cut hair and hard green eyes that seemed to be telling Stiles to hurry up and order and get the fuck out. Stiles actually noticed the usual girls in the back were missing today, and today was Tuesday. They were always there on Tuesday.
Well, no time like the present to introduce myself. 
He approached the front, and saw Derek’s nostrils flare before his eyes hardened into shards of green glass and his expression turned murderous. He actually looked like he wanted to rip Stiles’ head off and drop-kick it across the coffeeshop.Not the most comforting look to be getting from his new coworker, but Stiles wasn’t going to be deterred!Moving right up to the till, Stiles offered who was obviously Derek his best smile and held out one hand. “Hey! You must be Derek!”Evidently, Stiles saying this made it clear to him who he was. That is to say, an employee. The one he was meant to be working with.His murderous look seemed to get even more murderous, if that were even possible, and Stiles almost took a step back, because he was radiating so much annoyance and hatred and wow was he ever going to be difficult to work with. Stiles wasn’t a Werewolf, but he still kind of wanted to bare his neck to him and submit.“You’re late,” Derek informed him coldly, jaw clenched. He barely even moved his mouth to speak. This guy was seriously scary.And because Stiles was suicidal, he said, “No, I’m Stiles.”The look he got could’ve curdled milk. Stiles even noticed that Derek’s muscles were tensing, arms bulging even more and wow this guy was scary and hot but mostly scary holy shit.“You’re not funny,” Derek informed him coldly.Stiles shrugged. “I think that’s a matter of opinion.” He glanced towards the back door. “Where are Isaac and Boyd?”“They left. Because their shift was done. And you’re late.”“I was actually exactly on time.”“You should be dressed and ready to work by your expected start time, not waltzing in like you own the place.” Derek uncrossed his arms and pointed angrily towards the back room. “Get yourself ready for your shift. I expect you to stay an extra ten minutes after your usual end time for delaying your start. We don’t pay you to slack off.”Stiles stared at him for a few seconds, then snorted. “Well. You’re going to be a joy to work with.”He trudged towards the back room before Derek could say anything, moving behind the counter and through the door, rolling his eyes hard enough his head went with it.Great. Just great. Finally getting the hang of this job, and now he was going to have to quit. Peter must really hate him. How could someone as jovial and easygoing as Peter be related to an asshole like that?Stiles changed out quickly, grabbing his apron off the door and hoping it smelled okay. He usually tried to bring it home to wash it, but the others always stopped him and insisted they would do it themselves. He doubted it was ever washed though, because he was positive all the stains on it were from one of his first shifts there.The others were weird, but Stiles supposed it was a Werewolf thing and it wasn’t polite to point out their weirdness since it might only be weird to him and perfectly normal Werewolf behaviour.Pushing back out into the front area, he saw Derek practically slam a takeout cup of coffee onto the counter, the guy ordering looking both angry and terrified at the same time. He paid quickly and then hurried out the door, but he did give Derek the stink eye over his shoulder while heading out.“Dude, what the hell!” Stiles appeared beside Derek, frustrated and annoyed with how rude he’d been. It was one thing to be rude to Stiles, who worked there, but another thing entirely to be rude to a customer. “That guy’s a regular and he’s really nice. What’s your problem? Do you want your uncle to go out of business?”“Kind of,” Derek informed him coldly.Stiles gave him an incredulous look, then threw both hands in the air. “You need to chill out, what the hell! If you don’t wanna be here, why did you bother coming? Go sit in the back or something, I’ll man the till.”Derek gave him the most demeaning once over Stiles had ever gotten in his life, which only increased his annoyance levels, hackles rising, but he forced himself to stand his ground, crossing his arms.“What?” he demanded when Derek was silent for too long.“I doubt someone like you even knows how to use a door.”“My, my.”Both of them jumped, Stiles whipping around and seeing Peter exiting the back room. He’d either been holed up in his office, or had come in from the parking lot door at the end of the back room, because Stiles hadn’t even known he was there.“I see you two are getting along wonderfully. Do try not to hurt the human, nephew, I’m rather fond of him.”“Yeah, about that,” Derek bit out coldly, still staring Stiles down. Stiles just kept his eyes on Peter, ignoring the gaze burning into the back of his skull. “Why did you hire a human?”Oh. Okay. That explained a lot. Speciesist. Derek didn’t like humans. Stiles supposed that made sense, given humans had burned his home to the ground, but Stiles was a good human, okay! He didn’t make it a habit to burn people alive, and he liked Werewolves, they were cool.“Expanding our horizons,” Peter said jovially, omitting the fact that he’d originally vehemently insisted he didn’t want to hire a human in the first place. “The rest of the pack is unwilling to help out, and while Boyd, Erica and Isaac have been a great help, I’m running short on staff.”And now Stiles had it confirmed. They were all one pack. He knew the Hales had a rather large pack, but because of how discriminatory people still were, they mostly kept to themselves and no one knew where they lived. The area had a few other smaller packs, but it was kind of nice having it officially confirmed that Erica, Boyd and Isaac belonged to Peter’s pack.Though he always thought a pack needed an Alpha, and he knew Peter was only a Beta. His eyes would’ve been red if he were an Alpha, but they weren’t.That was when Stiles slowly realized that he’d wanted to bare his neck to Derek. And that it was the Hale pack. And that Derek was a Hale.He whipped around, realizing he’d been showing his back to a fucking Alpha and blurted out, “Holy shit, you’re the Hale Alpha?!”Derek glared at him hard enough to light him on fire, but thankfully Werewolves couldn’t make people spontaneously combust and all he did was flash his eyes, the red of them a little daunting.Stiles had never met an Alpha before.It certainly explained why Boyd had been reprimanding Isaac for what he’d said when he’d found out Derek was coming back. Isaac shouldn’t have been complaining the way he was about his own Alpha. Stiles may not know a lot about Werewolves, but he at least knew enough that Betas had to respect their Alphas.Derek didn’t seem to be a very kind Alpha.“You’re not welcome here,” Derek informed him.“Now, now, nephew,” Peter insisted, moving up behind Stiles and placing both hands on his shoulders. “You might be in charge of the pack when you bother to be around, but this is my business, and I’m free to hire whoever I choose. Stiles is a wonderful employee, and the customers like him.”“Because he’s human,” Derek snapped.“Actually, it’s because he’s punny.” Stiles heard Peter let out a small chuckle. “Get it, Derek? Punny?”Derek was crossing his arms angrily once more, muscles bulging and eyes flashing red in warning.For a few tense seconds, no one moved. Stiles felt like Peter and Derek were having a silent conversation, and everything was getting really intense and Stiles wanted to leave and it was hard to breathe and holy shit he was going to die at the hands of an Alpha Werewolf and—The door opened.“Welcome to A Howling Good Coffee!” Stiles practically shouted across the small area, the couple who’d just walked in pausing, a little startled. They surveyed the scene, and it looked like they were going to leave, but Stiles just hastily moved to the till, shoving Derek aside as respectfully as possible—though it was hard to respectfully shove someone, but he tried!Turned out he didn’t even really have to shove him aside, because Derek moved quickly to avoid Stiles touching him. Whatever, Stiles didn’t have fucking cooties.“What can I get for you? Coffee? Tea? Hot chocolate?”The couple still looked a little uncomfortable, but they approached the front anyway, perusing the board while Stiles just smiled and tried to act like there wasn’t a Werewolf hierarchy war happening behind him. Peter and Derek could glare and growl at each other all they wanted, Stiles was just there to work, thank you very much.The drink orders were easy to make without bothering the two Werewolves. Stiles just moved around them while they glared each other down. Well, really, Derek was glaring. Peter looked pleased as punch, like upsetting his Alpha was amusing to him.The only hiccup in the road was when he had to get the croissants out of the pastry section, because Peter was leaning against it and he was worried to ask him to move. He hovered for a second, then ducked under Peter’s arm and squeezed himself behind him. The dick just stood there and let Stiles attempt to get the doors open, using the tongs to get the croissants out.“We don’t—it’s okay,” the girl at the till insisted.“No, no, it’s fine, all good, no problem. Warmed up?” He snagged a croissant, trying not to crush it while pulling it through the gap he’d created.“Yes,” the guy said.“No!” the girl insisted. Stiles noticed her nudge him and nod towards the warmer. Stiles turned his head and saw that was where Derek was standing.They really weren’t making his life easy right now. Fucking Werewolves.He managed to get both pastries out and then moved to the warmer. Derek redirected his glare on him instead, as if daring Stiles to even think about approaching him to use the warmer. Stiles just gave him a look right back. Derek didn’t seem very keen on Stiles touching him, because when he went to squeeze behind him like he had Peter, Derek moved instantly, looking at Stiles as if he smelled like garbage.Seriously, what the fuck was the deal with people giving him disgusted looks? He could only shower so many times a day!Once everything was warmed up and ready to go, Stiles returned to the till, handing everything over while the guy paid for their items. When they turned to leave, Stiles waved and tried for his best smile.“Thanks a latte for your patronage!”It was kind of a small win to have Peter snort behind him, clearly amused, but no one spoke again until the couple left the shop, the door closing behind them.“This is unacceptable,” Derek snapped at Peter. “I’m not working with him.”“Well no one wants to work with you, Derek, so either you work alone, or you work with him. And working alone isn’t an option, because you suck at customer service.”“I’m fine working with Boyd or Erica,” Stiles said, motioning himself and having both Werewolves turn to him. “Like, I’m cool with that, if it’ll solve things here. No problemo.”“I’ll work with Isaac,” Derek said, turning back to Peter. “Problem solved on both fronts. You get to keep your pet, and I don’t have to be near him.”“It’s cute you think Isaac would willingly work with you, nephew.” Peter moved to pat his cheek and Derek slapped his hand away violently, growling low in his chest. “I’m afraid I’ve got bad news for both of you. You’re working together. And you’ll make it work somehow, I’m sure. I’ll be going now. Enjoy your evening.”Stiles wanted to protest, but Peter just moved over to him to pat at his shoulder a few times, grabbed the inventory list from under the till, and then walked towards the back room, disappearing through the door.And then he was alone with Derek. The human-hater. Great.Stiles was drumming the fingers of his right hand on the counter, because he was extremely uncomfortable and unsure of what to do. Normally he busied himself with cleaning up and stocking things, but he was kind of scared to breathe right now. Alpha Derek Hale the human-hater was kind of scary.In a super hot but totally terrifying sort of way. Why were the hot ones always taken or assholes?It looked like Derek was trying to reign in his temper, because he still had his back to Stiles, but his hands were clenching and unclenching at his sides and he was taking long, deep breaths in through his mouth before expelling them slowly.Deciding he wasn’t going to let this guy scare him, Stiles resolutely picked up the clipboard under the till and moved to the baked goods, beginning to compare the numbers in the display with the numbers on the page in front of him.“What are you doing?” Derek snarled from literally right behind him.Stiles would admit to being a little freaked out, because it had sounded particularly menacing, but he just turned and calmly said, “Checking what needs restocking.”“What?” Derek asked.“Did I stutter?” Stiles faced the display again, continuing to count. “You’re just standing there fuming, someone might as well get some work done.”“You were late, don’t talk to me about work!”“My class ran late,” Stiles snapped, rounding on him. “So I missed my bus. Which made me late getting home. Which made me miss my second bus. Excuse me for not having a reliable mode of transportation! It’s not like I make thousands of dollars working in a coffee shop!”He stomped off towards the back room, because if he didn’t, he was liable to punch the asshole, and that would be a bad idea. Not only because Derek would probably murder him, but his hand would be broken on top of that. Broken hand prior to murder sounded fairly unpleasant, so it was safer to just walk away.They mostly stayed away from each other the remainder of their shift. Whenever Derek went to do something in the back, Stiles would be at the front, greeting customers and making small-talk and basically acting like Derek wasn’t even there. Whenever Derek came back to the front, Stiles would go busy himself in the back, either with cleaning up, or prepping things for the morning shift, or re-arranging the storeroom.Whatever they had to do to keep their distance from each other.Stiles was actually a little put out with how rude Derek was to him. After all, Stiles hadn’t done anything to him, and Derek was acting like he had the bubonic plague. Like his mere presence was death walking or something. It pissed him off.Supernaturals like Derek were the reason people hated Werewolves.When the end of the shift came around, Stiles locked the door and started mopping and cleaning up. He found it somewhat ironic that Derek was so vehemently against him working there, and yet was also adamant that he couldn’t leave until he’d made up his ten minute tardiness.Derek was a weird, weird dude. Stiles pitied his bed partners.Finally, ten minutes past his shift, Stiles finished up cleaning the bathroom and then headed into the back room to change out, shoving his apron into his bag so he could bring it home to wash it before his shift the following evening.With Derek again. Ugh. With any luck, Boyd or Erica would pity him enough they’d switch shifts with him. Though probably not, they seemed to like Isaac a lot and since Isaac was the only other non-shift leader, it meant Derek would be with either Isaac or Stiles.And if they were in the same pack, it stood to reason they lived together, and Isaac probably saw enough of him at home. So Stiles was willing to suck it up and sacrifice a few hours of his day being stuck with this colossal douchebag. He just hoped he stopped being such a dick.It was fine if he wanted to be a dick, just not as much of one as he currently was. Stiles just wanted to not hate coming to work. Derek didn’t have to like him. They didn’t have to be friends. Stiles just wanted them to at least be civil. Civility wasn’t too much to ask, in his opinion.Heading back to the main area, he saw Derek still counting down the till.“Good night.”He didn’t expect a response, so he wasn’t offended when he didn’t get one. He just walked out of the shop, being sure to pull the gate closed behind him before shutting the door.Though it was just a coffeeshop, and didn’t technically need gates inside the windows, everyone knew this was a Werewolf coffeehouse and it had been vandalized numerous times since its opening three years ago. Stiles figured that Peter had installed the gates to minimize the damage. All people could really do was break the windows, which was easily fixed with good insurance. Back before the gates, the people used to break in and destroy all the machinery and furniture, so this was definitely the better option.It made Stiles sad that people were such assholes about things that were different. Racism was still a thing. Homophobia was still a thing. People needed to just stay in their own fucking lane, he didn’t understand why they actively went out looking for things to upset them.Sighing and rubbing the back of his neck, he headed slowly for the bus stop, the streets quiet at this hour. He wasn’t concerned, Beacon Hills was pretty safe, but he still didn’t like it when his Jeep was in the shop.He refused to get rid of it. It didn’t matter how much it cost—okay, it kind of did, but still!—he was never getting rid of that thing. It used to belong to his mother, and if the only thing keeping it running was duct tape, love and a prayer, well then he was going to keep working hard at the love and prayer parts, and single-handedly keep the duct tape industry afloat.Reaching the bus stop, Stiles sat down on the bench and pulled out his phone, opening his text messages with Scott and sending a reply. He knew he wouldn’t get a response back, since it was well past midnight for Scott, so he opened one of his many games and began to play while he waited for the bus. He knew it would be around in about twenty minutes or so, but it was getting colder out now that winter was looming, so he really hoped it came by early today. That’d be nice.“Hey.”“Jesus!” Stiles almost dropped his phone but managed to keep his hands closed around it, glancing up and offering a small smile.It hurt to have to smile, but this guy was a regular and he didn’t want to piss him off. Peter seemed to like him, anyway, but he kind of bothered Stiles. Not in a ‘you’re creepy, get away from me’ way, but more in a ‘stop looking at me like you want to defile me, it’s uncomfortable’ way.He didn’t really know much about the guy aside from his name being Matt and he always came in to order the same gross dark roast coffee and green tea mix. Stiles knew it was gross, he’d tried it, and it was gross.“Hey. Matt, right?”“Yeah. And you’re Stiles.” Matt took a seat beside him on the bench, giving him what Stiles assumed was supposed to be a winning smile, but the slow once over he got made him feel like he needed to take a shower.Again. Stiles was getting tired of showering all the time.Matt was harmless, though. Stiles could literally bench-press the guy, he was all gangly and awkward. Attractive, sure, in his own way, but Stiles had been sending ‘not interested’ vibes his way since they’d first met and Matt either didn’t notice or didn’t care. Stiles knew he couldn’t afford to be picky about things like this, but Matt wasn’t his type and the guy was super pushy. He knew that even entertaining a relationship with him would be disastrous because he would probably be super toxic and Stiles didn’t need that in his life.“Just get off work?” Matt asked.“Yup. You?”“Hanging out with a buddy a few blocks over.”“Cool.” Stiles went back to his game, trying not to be rude, but he also wasn’t really in the mood to chat with Matt. He didn’t have a choice at work, but he wasn’t at work right now, and he had a choice, and he was choosing not to speak to him.Matt didn’t get the hint, and he started asking Stiles questions and leaning into him to look at what he was playing and just being generally annoying. Stiles hoped the bus showed up soon.He was in the middle of shifting away from Matt on the bench, because the other man kept moving closer, when a car screeched to a halt right in front of the stop they were at.Stiles didn’t recognize it, and hoped they weren’t being mistaken for gang members or something.The car was a sleek, pristine, black Camaro, with shiny rims and an absolutely perfect to die for paint job. It was probably the most gorgeous car he’d ever seen, and Stiles immediately took the sentiment back when the passenger-side window rolled down and he saw Derek behind the wheel, scowling out at him angrily. Like Stiles had just ruined his entire night with his mere presence at the bus stop.Fuck, what now?“Get in,” Derek ordered.For a second, Stiles was positive he was speaking to Matt, but when he turned to look at him, he saw Matt looking just as confused as he was.“Who, me?” Stiles finally asked, surprised, turning back to Derek.“I don’t have all night, hurry up!”Stiles had no idea what was going on, but he obediently stood, nevermind he didn’t actually want to, but Derek’s Alpha voice was very persuasive. Even to humans, apparently. He’d taken one step when Matt grabbed his wrist.“Do you know that guy?”“Huh?” Stiles turned back to him. “Yeah, no, it’s cool. Um, see you later.”Pulling his hand free, Stiles moved quickly to the passenger door and pulled it open. He climbed in, dumping his bag onto the floor, and then slammed the door. It had barely latched when Derek hit the gas and shot forward.Stiles scrambled for his seatbelt, getting it pulled on and buckled in, then turned to stare at Derek.He was clenching and unclenching his hands around the steering wheel, like he was pissed at himself. Stiles figured he was probably pissed off he’d stopped to offer Stiles a ride. Maybe he’d driven by and seen how uncomfortable Stiles looked.It wasn’t like he had a problem telling people to fuck off, it was just hard to do to a customer, even outside of work. Whatever happened outside work affected work itself later.“Where do you live?”“What?” Stiles asked, a little surprised. He’d assumed Derek was going to drive him to the bus depot and be done with him.“Did I stutter?” Derek asked mockingly, echoing Stiles’ earlier words back at him.“Don’t you know who I am?” Stiles asked with a small snort.“No.”“Well, you will in a second. You know where the sheriff lives?”Derek turned to him sharply at that, baring his teeth. “Why are we going there? If you don’t want a ride, just fucking say so!”“Dude, you need to chill.” Stiles rolled his eyes and thumbed himself. “Stiles Stilinski.”Derek had turned back to face the road, but he glanced at Stiles again when he said his name. “Sheriff’s kid.”“One and only.”“Huh.”Stiles didn’t know how to interpret that sound, so he said nothing. And apparently, Derek did know where the sheriff lived, because he didn’t ask for any directions and just made his way back through town.Made sense, most people knew where the sheriff lived. Stiles found that to be dangerous, personally, because his dad was not a very popular man right now. A lot of people didn’t like that he was a firm supporter of equality with the Supernaturals, so their place got egged a lot.But at least no one was stupid enough to break in and try something. Stiles didn’t have a gun himself, but he had a lacrosse stick—and a bat somewhere from his days in little league—and he knew the combination to his dad’s gun safe. It was only for emergencies, and his dad had drilled that into his head fairly heavily when he’d given it to him after Stiles had turned nineteen and gotten his gun license.The gun safe was only in case of emergency. So far, three years strong, and no gun safe emergency.Actually, twenty-two years strong, because Stiles was twenty-two now and to date, no one had been dumb enough to break into the sheriff’s house.They drove in silence, Stiles fidgeting the whole time and wishing Derek would just turn on the radio or something. But, he just sat there and tolerated it, feeling the anger slowly mounting in the car. He didn’t know why Derek was so fucking angry with him, Stiles literally hadn’t asked for a ride. He was sitting at the damn bus stop!Finally, after what felt like the longest car ride of his life, Derek pulled up to his house. The cruiser wasn’t there, meaning his dad was working the graveyard shift, but the porch light was on.“Thanks f—”“Get out.”Stiles refused to try and understand how Derek’s brain worked, so he just obediently climbed out and slammed the door. Derek peeled away, tires squealing, the second the door was shut. Stiles just flipped him off as he drove away.Sure, the guy had given him a ride home, but somehow Stiles felt inclined to believe Peter had called and bullied him into it or something. And if Matt hadn’t been at the bus stop harassing him, Stiles wouldn’t have taken him up on the offer anyway.“You are going to make me hate my job,” he muttered, turning to head for the front door.Fuck Derek Hale.Stiles almost wanted to call in sick the following day, because he didn’t want to deal with Sir Scowly McEyebrows of the Grouchy table, but he was a good person who had responsibilities so he obediently went home to shower after class, being sure to do so quickly, and then headed out.The Jeep was still in the shop, so he had to take the bus, but he made it there almost twenty minutes early, and perked up instantly when he saw Boyd counting down the till.“Boyd, I could kiss you!”“I don’t know that Erica would appreciate that,” Boyd informed him, offering him a small smile, though his nose turned up slightly, like Stiles smelled bad. He was almost at the point where he was going to fucking give up on the stench thing. “I see you survived your first shift with Derek.”“Ugh, barely. That guy’s the fucking worst!”Stiles only realized his mistake when he saw Boyd wince and he whipped around to look at the back door, realizing Derek was probably back there and Boyd had been on the morning shift.Usually the tills weren’t counted down until the next shift started, but Boyd was probably eager to get out of there if Derek was around.Dammit, Stiles had been hoping the others pitied him enough to switch out with him but apparently, no dice.“Is he like this at home, too?” Stiles asked, lowering his voice and hoping it was low enough that Derek couldn’t hear him in the back.Boyd just nodded, which meant Derek could hear him. Great. He was going to have a fun night.“You haven’t quit yet, so that’s a good sign, at least.”“The night’s still young,” Stiles muttered, moving towards the back room. Derek wasn’t anywhere in sight, which meant he was probably in the office. Isaac was there though, and he made a face when Stiles walked in.He almost sighed, wondering if he should change his shampoo or something. He didn’t know what else to do, they all kept giving him those looks. He could only shower so many times a day!“You survived. I’m impressed.” Isaac stood from tying his shoes and came over to Stiles while he shoved his bag into one of the lockers. He wrapped an arm around his shoulders and pulled him into his side. “You know, you deserve some kind of reward for your sacrifice. We’re all going to a movie on Sunday, Peter’s treat. He was going to close the shop for the day so we could all go. You should come.”“I don’t think you should be inviting me to something Peter’s putting on,” Stiles insisted, grabbing his apron from his bag and wincing. He’d forgotten it in the washer until right before class had started, so it was all wrinkled. He was definitely going to hear about that.“No way, Peter loves you. You should come. Come on, we’re gonna go watch some awesome action thriller. It’s A Howling Good Coffee employees outing. Come on. Come!” Isaac was practically nuzzling his head and Stiles just rolled his eyes.“All right, fine, fine. I’ll come.”“Awesome!” Isaac wrenched the apron from his hands, wincing at it, and then wandered back to the front with it.Stiles didn’t pretend to know what he was doing. He just sighed and shut the locker, rubbing at his neck and hoping Derek wouldn’t be going to the movie, or it was going to be awkward.He gave himself a minute to warm up in the back, because it was particularly cold out today and the front wasn’t exactly the warmest place in the world since the door opened and shut so often. He didn’t want to be ‘late,’ though, so he only made sure his fingers still worked before finally heading out to the front.Boyd had already counted out the till and was on his way to the back door when Stiles exited, so he held it open for him.“Thanks.” Boyd patted his shoulder on his way by and Stiles nodded before heading for the till.He noticed the wolves all touched him a lot. He knew it was probably a wolf thing, but it was strange when he remembered his first few months there.No one had been mean to him, because the other three were good people, but they’d made it a habit not to get too close to him. He assumed that over time, his obvious lack of care that they were Werewolves was appreciated and they started coming out of their shells more.Then again, he and Isaac actually hung out every now and then outside of work. Isaac was a cool dude, and with no Scott to entertain Stiles, he was glad he had someone to hang out with every now and then. While he’d love to hang out with Boyd and Erica too, their schedules tended to clash. Either he was in class when they weren’t on shift, or he was working—sometimes with one of them.It would be interesting to see how things went on Sunday with the whole group. It’d be fun to see their dynamic together in a more public setting.Though, again, he was hoping for no Derek.He had to chase after Isaac for his apron back, because apparently it was too clean or something and Isaac was busy pouring tea all over it and using it to clean counters like an asshole. Stiles didn’t get Werewolves and their issues with scents, but he supposed it was because he wasn’t one. He just knew something about his scent bothered them a lot, and he wished he could just ask them what it was.He hadn’t, mostly because he wasn’t sure how to ask. Was it rude to just—to just ask? Or was that like asking a girl if she had her period? He didn’t know, there wasn’t etiquette class on this kind of thing in high school. He just knew pack questions were out because packs were just... packs. They were private. Unless the information was offered up, he wasn’t allowed to ask.When he finally wrestled the apron back from Isaac, it was wet and stained and he glared at him, positive he was going to hear about that from Derek. He pulled it on anyway, getting himself organized for his shift and cleaning the coffee machine while Isaac cleared off the counter.“I saw Matt yesterday,” Stiles told him while they both did their individual tasks.“Really? That guy’s weird,” Isaac muttered. “He always gets turned on when he’s near you, it’s kind of gross.”“Thanks Isaac,” Stiles said dryly. Things he didn’t need to know about people. Them getting turned on in his presence. Awesome.“I don’t mean it as an insult, it’s just really unpleasant when he’s around.”“For me, too,” Stiles muttered. “Kind of wish I could tell him to fuck off, but I can’t. So I just smile uncomfortably, get him his drink, and hope he leaves.”“Yeah.” Isaac patted his arm on his way by, sliding his hand along his shoulder blades before letting it drop. “Well, I’m out before Derek emerges. He’s in a mood today, so have fun!”“Thanks.” Stiles was sure he was going to have an awesome evening.Isaac left the shop, and Boyd followed soon after, waving to Stiles before exiting the establishment. There was no one there right now, so Stiles just busied himself with cleaning the machines thoroughly and beginning to count the pastries.It took almost twenty minutes for Derek to finally emerge, but he didn’t acknowledge him at all. Which suited Stiles just fine, because he wasn’t interested in acknowledging Derek, either. So they just stayed at opposite ends of the counter, doing their own thing.When customers came in, Stiles welcomed them brightly and took their orders. Derek actually made drinks when they weren’t tea, which was surprising but also annoying because he was always rude with the customers about it when he set their drinks down. Stiles usually had to balance him out by being extra cheerful and throwing a few puns in there.Except if the people coming in were rude assholes, then he was just polite enough to feel like a good person, but he didn’t try and smooth out the abrasiveness of Derek’s hard edge. If Stiles had to deal with him, assholes did, too. Stiles was only willing to be a buffer between Derek and nice customers.When the evening was over, Stiles helped clean up, staying only a few minutes late since he was finishing up with the bathroom, but before he headed out, he was on his way to the door that led back out into the front of the shop so he could head for the entrance when he quite literally choked. Derek had grabbed his shirt to wrench him back and he let out a harsh cough, righting himself and pulling free from Derek, rubbing at his throat.“What?” he asked, rather rudely. It occurred to him that this was literally the first word he’d said to Derek during their entire shift together.“I’m driving you home.”“Don’t bother, I can take the bus.”Derek seemed to unfold himself, if that were even possible, because while he definitely hadn’t grown, he suddenly seemed entirely too large, looming over him and snarling slightly.“I’m. Driving. You. Home.”Stiles stared at him for a few seconds, the weight of Derek’s words rolling over him and almost trying to force him to submit. Deciding he didn’t want to submit, he figured he could just make it his own choice, so he rolled his eyes and let out an exasperated sound, throwing both hands in the air before moving to sit down in one of the chairs in the back room.Wouldn’t want to piss off the Alpha.Derek eyed him for a second, as if unsure whether Stiles was going to make a break for it the second he turned his back, but he eventually returned to the office and Stiles slouched in his seat, pulling his phone out to text Scott and play some games.He really didn’t get Derek. Guy was a colossal dick to him whenever they were near each other, and yet bullied him into waiting around so he could get driven home. He knew last night was likely Peter’s doing, but they’d both been mostly out front all evening and Stiles hadn’t seen Derek take his phone out once—if he even had one. And besides, Stiles was actually starting to wonder if Peter could even bully Derek into doing anything. Derek was the Alpha, so wouldn’t it be more likely that Derek could bully Peter into doing something as opposed to the other way around?He tried not to dwell on it while he played Empires and Puzzles on his phone, cursing when he saw his stronghold had been attacked during his shift. He was still in the process of trying to kill another team in a raid so he could earn some trophies back when the office door opened. He wasn’t done with what he was doing, but he hit ‘auto’ so the cycle would continue on its own and hoped for the best, getting to his feet and shoving his phone back into his pocket.Derek didn’t say a word to him while they closed up shop and headed out to the back lot where his Camaro was. Stiles climbed in once the door was unlocked, and was glad to be sitting down first, because it gave him the chance to buckle himself in before Derek hit the gas and they shot out of the lot.He noticed Derek wasn’t wearing his seatbelt. He hadn’t really been paying attention last night, but tonight, it was pretty clear given he’d climbed in and gunned the engine.“You should wear your seatbelt.”Derek didn’t even deign him with a response.“You know that ninety percent of car crash fatalities are because people aren’t wearing seatbelts, right?”“Werewolf,” Derek snapped, as if hoping that would be the end of the conversation.“You might be, but I’m not. If we get hit on your side of the car, you’re going to crash into me and the impact of your skull hitting mine will most definitely kill me. I can’t heal like you can, and there have been multiple studies of one person in a car not wearing a seatbelt being the cause of death of the other passengers in the car.”Stiles jerked into his seatbelt hard when the car slammed to a halt. He assumed Derek was going to growl for him to get out, but when he looked up, he saw they’d stopped at a red light. He turned back to glare at Derek, and found him already looking back at him. He was much more practised at the scowly angry look, probably because that was just how his face always was.Very deliberately, while keeping eye contact, Derek reached back with one hand, grabbed his seatbelt, slowly started to pull it across his chest, and then buckled it in. Stiles thought he was going to slice through it with his claws or something as a protest, so he was a little surprised to have Derek actually buckle himself in.“Thank you.”“Now shut up.”Ah, that explained it. He just wanted Stiles to stop talking. Well, whatever, so long as he practised safe driving.Which Derek didn’t, not really. He hit the gas again when the light turned green and Stiles kept jerking painfully against his seatbelt. He almost reached up to grab the ‘oh shit’ handle, but didn’t want Derek to feel satisfied in having forced him to go that far.The rest of the drive was conducted in silence and when Derek came to a stop outside Stiles’ house, he climbed out quickly, throwing back a muted ‘thanks,’ and had barely shut the door when Derek was peeling off down the street again.Stiles really didn’t get this guy.He also really, really hoped he wasn’t coming on Sunday.“You’ve been in a mood the past few texts, what’s on your mind?” Scott asked, sitting at the counter in his small apartment and eating some cereal. Stiles knew with the time difference that it was closer to noon than anything, but he and Scott were nothing if not firm believers of breakfast being the first meal of the day. Even when Stiles woke up at three in the afternoon, it was breakfast food or nothing.He and Scott hadn’t had the chance to actually speak for the past few days, so Stiles had only been able to aggressively voice his displeasure through text. It was hard to convey messages accurately through text messages, but boy did Stiles ever try!“New boss at work,” Stiles muttered. “Well, new shift lead, I should say. Big boss’ nephew. He’s got quite the personality, nobody likes working with him. Not sure how I got shafted, but I’ve worked every shift with him since he got here and I’m ready to commit murder.”“That sucks,” Scott said sympathetically. “Can’t you tell your boss? Like, big boss?”“I mean, I’m pretty sure he knows. The others I’m working with all think that he’s doing it either because he wants me to quit, or because he thinks highly of me. I’m more inclined to believe he wants me to quit.”
“You should still talk to him. If he actually did it because he thinks highly of you, maybe he’ll realize this is a bad idea if you say it’s driving you towards quitting.”
“I will not yield first!” Stiles insisted, pointing his own spoon at his phone and narrowing his eyes. “I’m not a quitter! I will beat him into submission!”Scott snorted and rolled his eyes. “Sure. You’re going to beat someone into submission. With what muscles?”Stiles sputtered, offended. “I have muscles!” he insisted. “And I meant with my stubbornness! I will out-stubborn the shit out of that guy!”“Whatever you say,” Scott said with an endearing smile.Stiles just pointed his spoon at him again before shovelling another bite of coco puffs into his mouth.He and Scott talked about his job a lot, but Stiles made sure not to provide any names. While neither of them had ever spoken about their stance on the Supernatural, Stiles liked to think Scott was okay with it. He felt Scott should know how Stiles felt about it, considering his dad, but because it was never spoken about, Stiles felt more comfortable keeping the fact that he worked with a bunch of Werewolves to himself. He didn’t want his relationship with Scott to suffer because he found out he was speciesist. It was best to avoid the topic altogether.Still, he felt like Scott and Isaac would probably get along really well. Isaac was kind of a mix of Scott and Stiles, he thought, so if he got on well with Stiles, he’d probably get along with Scott, too. And Lord knew they both needed more friends, considering they basically had each other, for the most part.Though Scott had made some friends in New York, but Stiles felt like they weren’t super close friends. Scott was almost always available when Stiles called him, which led him to believe he didn’t hang out with anyone.The only times Scott ignored his phone was when his girlfriend Kira Yukimura was visiting. She was a Supernatural, as well, but only just. To most people, a Kitsune didn’t count, which was why Stiles didn’t feel comfortable telling Scott about Werewolves. Kitsunes were different, they were just Fox spirits. Werewolves were, well, wolves. They were people who could partially turn into wolves, and they were more well-known and hated overall. Kitsunes weren’t even on people’s radar, and Kira was basically human, in Stiles’ opinion.Either way, he still didn’t want to mention his cool new Werewolf friends, just in case.“Got plans for the day?” Scott asked, standing and moving out of frame, presumably to put his bowl in the sink.“Yeah, heading out to catch a movie with some work friends. Hoping the douche isn’t going to be there.”“Right.” Scott returned, sitting back down.“What about you?”“Nah, just homework.” Scott tilted his head slightly. “Hey, whatever happened to that dude who always comes in? The one who’s hitting on you? Michael?”“Ugh. Matt.” Stiles made a face. “Still coming around. Still hitting on me. I feel like I need to be more direct or something. Like, tattoo it on my forehead. ‘Not interested.’”Scott snorted, crossing his arms. The muscles bulged, and Stiles was always surprised to find that Scott was really filling out lately. Over the past few years apart, he’d been bulking up, he looked really buff, now. It was weird, because with Scott’s asthma, he’d struggled to do any weight lifting in the gym when he and Stiles used to go to get ready for Lacrosse season. Now, though, he looked really good.Stiles was happy, if a little jealous. He was allowed to be jealous as long as he was supportive!
“I think if you tattooed that on your forehead, you’d find yourself single forever.”
“Dude, I am going to be single forever. I don’t see a line-up out the door.” Stiles sighed and dropped his spoon on the counter, picking up his bowl and slurping down the milk that had taken on a slightly chocolate flavour given the cereal. He licked his lips while setting it back down and shrugged. “I’m not really people’s type. It’s cool. I’ll just live vicariously through you.”
“You’ll find someone eventually, Stiles. You just need to get out there and show people how amazing you are.”
“Nice speech, Scotty,” Stiles teased, rolling his eyes, then checking the time on the stove before standing. “Anyway, I should go or I’m gonna be late. Talk to you later?”
“Sure. Whenever you’re back, just shoot me a text.”
“Cool. Hope homework goes well.” He grinned and winked. Scott groaned and hung up on him, but Stiles just laughed, trying to ignore the ache in his chest.No matter how often he and Scott spoke, it wasn’t the same. It wasn’t enough. He really missed him, and he wished he could figure out a way to get him back before the end of the year.They both still had one more year of university left. He didn’t know if he could survive another full year without Scott.The first person Stiles saw when he walked into the large movie theatre and looked around for his co-workers was Derek. He would’ve turned and walked right back out if not for them being Werewolves. Everyone immediately turned, as if smelling his entrance, and Isaac grinned before waving him over. No way for him to sneak out now, which was a shame.He wanted to hang out with everyone, he just didn’t want ‘everyone’ to include Derek. He saw him enough at work. It had only been four days of working with the guy, and already he wanted to quit. There was only so much he could take.“Stiles,” Peter said fondly when he approached, patting him on the shoulder and rubbing at his back. “You made it. Good.”“You’re late,” was Derek’s greeting for him.“He’s not late,” Boyd said calmly. “He arrived ahead of the movie’s commencement.” Boyd walked past him, placing one hand on his shoulder. “I’m getting the popcorn, you want anything?”“I’m good, thanks.” Stiles could tell Erica and Isaac wanted to hug him, but they seemed to be holding back a little because of Derek, who was standing just that little bit away from them to show he wasn’t happy to be there with his arms crossed and a scowl on his face.“Does his face have any other setting?” Stiles asked, motioning Derek and turning to Peter.The man sighed. “Alas, no.”Derek turned back to them, scowling even more, his eyes flashing red. Peter’s flashed blue in response, and Stiles really hoped they weren’t going to start another fight. He didn’t need that in his life right now, he was just here to watch Venom.“Who let the dogs out?”Stiles honestly hadn’t even really thought of the words he’d just heard, especially given it was a song—that was now going to be stuck in his head for hours, thanks dude—but the way all the wolves around him stiffened made him realize they meant nothing to him because he was a human.“They know this is an animal-free zone, right?”Stiles turned to see who was speaking and saw a group of guys a little ways from them giving them all disgusted looks. Though he did notice one of them was giving Erica a lecherous once-over like a fucking scumbag. Apparently they weren’t disgusting enough to not be aesthetically pleasing, which was fucking bullshit, in Stiles’ opinion.“Do they serve kibble at concession?” one of them asked his friend.“As long as their owners clean up after their mess,” another replied.Stiles could tell the Werewolves were getting pissed, but they all kept their mouths shut. Which surprised Stiles a little bit, because Peter especially usually didn’t take that. Then again, that was in his coffeeshop, and they were currently in a public setting.He wanted to ignore them and pretend he wasn’t hearing anything, but Stiles wasn’t like that. There was a saying about how the only way for bad people to succeed was for good people to stand around and do nothing. The wolves didn’t look like they were going to say anything, but Stiles wasn’t okay with this. People were assholes for no good fucking reason and he hadn’t been raised to tolerate that bullshit.When one more derogatory comment came out of the men’s mouths, something particularly foul about Erica that had Boyd turning angrily from his spot in line a little to their left, Stiles had had enough and he rounded on them, taking a few angry steps in their direction.“What’s your problem, man?” he demanded, not being stupid enough to get right in the guy’s face, but close enough that it was clear he was talking to him.“Aw, what’s the matter, little wolf?” one of them sneered at Stiles. “Did we hurt your little animal feelings?”“I’m human, dipshit,” Stiles snapped, because he needed to make it clear to them he was an ally, and not reacting badly because he felt personally offended.Well, actually, he did feel personally offended. These were his friends—barring Derek—and he didn’t want to listen to people degrade them and compare them to animals just because they were fucking jealous of them.“Oh,” one of the guys said, moving closer so he was right in Stiles’ personal space. He had the most foul-smelling cologne on that had Stiles want to gag, and was wearing a polo shirt with the collar popped up. Some kind of preppy jock asshole, which explained a lot about why he was being such a dick for no reason. Stiles dubbed him Polly in his head, because someone as threatened as this dude probably felt emasculated having people as attractive as Isaac and—he’d admit it—Derek in his general vicinity.“Human, huh?” Polly continued with a smarmy smirk. “What, you such a loser you can’t find real friends? Have to resort to animals?”“Bet he’s fucking them,” another one of the guys said, approaching Polly. He also had a popped collar, though he was wearing a button-down with the sleeves rolled back. He looked like a Chad if Stiles had ever seen one. “Maybe he’s their human fucktoy. That it?” He reached out to ruffle Stiles’ hair, and it took all his self-control not to punch him in the face. For the hair ruffle, not the comment. He’d be lucky to get fucked by any of the attractive people behind him. “You into beastiality, little man?”“If you want a good, solid pounding, I’m sure that can be arranged for you.” Polly grinned. “You’ve got a good mouth, I’m sure I could pretend you were some bitch sucking my dick.”When he reached out for Stiles’ face, Stiles felt the energy behind him shift, like the wolves were ready to pounce. Stiles just slapped the guy’s hand away impatiently. It wasn’t the first time assholes had commented on his mouth looking like a good place to slot their dicks. It made him feel like a lot of people in Beacon Hills were closeted, because nobody should be that interested in sticking their dick in his mouth unless they found him at least somewhat attractive.“What’s wrong, you jealous Erica’s dick is bigger than yours?” Stiles retorted, because these guys looked like the kind of people who would take a blow to their ego hard.He almost smiled when he heard Erica snort behind him.Polly’s expression darkened, eyes narrowing. “What’d you say, you little pissant?”“Did I stutter?” Stiles asked jovially, smiling sarcastically at him. “I think I was pretty clear. Must be hard masturbating, you need tweezers to find your dick down there?”Polly had just reached forward to fist the front of Stiles’ shirt, and Stiles had just resigned himself to getting punched in the face—he was really much better with his words than his fists—but just as the hand was about to grab at his shirt, another shot out and closed around Polly’s wrist hard enough for the bones to grind together.Chad took a step back and all the other guys in the background went silent, all eyes on Derek who’d stepped forward to stop Polly from touching Stiles.His eyes were red, but the rest of his features remained human.“Walk away,” he said darkly, tightening his grip on Polly’s wrist so that the man winced. “I’m not in the mood.”He released him and Polly took two quick steps back, rubbing at his injured wrist. He eyed Derek, as if debating taking this further, but then seemed to remember there was a whole pack behind him, and while Polly and Chad had a bunch of buff friends with them, they were no match for Werewolves.So instead, he just scoffed and turned his nose up at them. “Whatever. Have fun fucking your human cumbucket, wolf.”He turned to stalk back to his friends, who’d begun heading off quickly towards one of the theatres.“Have fun with your tweezers!” Stiles called after him, because he was determined to get the last word.He saw Polly shoot him a filthy look over his shoulder, but he didn’t stop and Stiles felt pretty good about that.At least, he did, until Derek rounded on him and bared his teeth angrily. So fangs were a no-go for people insulting them, but apparently fangs and distorted features were okay when bearing down on Stiles.Rude.“What the fuck is your problem?!” Derek demanded angrily, voice only slightly lower than a shout. A few people had turned to look, but nobody seemed brave enough to come over and ask Stiles if he was okay.Which was fine, because he was, if not a little annoyed.“Derek—” Erica started, but he held up a hand to her and she shut her mouth. Damn Alphas.“Do you have any idea how that could’ve escalated for us?!” Derek demanded, Boyd having wandered back over from the concession. He didn’t have any food, which meant he’d just left the line to ensure nothing bad was about to happen. Stiles even felt Peter in his personal space behind him, like everyone was bracing for a fight with their Alpha.“Dude,” Stiles insisted. “Chill. I was just—”“Well don’t!” Derek roared. A lot of the area went silent, but when Stiles looked around and waved one hand dismissively, people hastily cleared out so that they weren’t quite so close. He did notice a security guard moving a bit closer, eyes on them and hand on his walkie-talkie, like he was ready to call the cops at a moment’s notice.Stiles looked back at Derek while the Alpha continued to berate him, as if he had any right to expect Stiles’ respect given he was human and did not answer to him, not to mention he was rude as fuck.“You’re a human,” Derek snarled at him. “You are a white, human male. You can get away with shit like that! We can’t!” He motioned the others and himself angrily with a wave of his hand. “If this had turned into a fight, I’m the one who would’ve spent the night in jail, not you, and not them!”Stiles was offended about that, because he knew all of the cops in Beacon Hills personally, and none of them barring perhaps Haigh would ever arrest someone without cause. Shit, if his dad or Parrish had shown up, they would’ve asked for the full story and probably slapped a fine on the douchebags for being discriminatory. Stiles didn’t know if that was a thing, but considering how noble his dad was, and the fact that Parrish was also a Supernatural being, he wouldn’t put it past them to punish people being speciesist.Returning to the argument at hand, Stiles said, “I didn’t ask you to come to my defence. You did that all on your own.”“Well next time,” Derek snarled, unfolding himself so he seemed eight feet tall instead of just six feet, “I won’t!”“Good!” Stiles snapped.“Fine!” Derek shot back angrily.Peter let out an aggrieved sigh behind Stiles, then moved to the left so he could stand beside both of them, looking back and forth between them.“If you’re both done flirting now, the movie’s going to start.”Stiles would’ve argued that they were not flirting, but the scathing look Derek shot him did enough for the both of them so he just let that comment drop.“I’m just gonna go,” Stiles said instead, shoving his hands in his pockets. “Not in the mood for a movie anymore.”“Nonsense!” Peter insisted before Stiles could make a break for it. He threw one arm around his shoulders and turned them both around, dragging him towards one of the theatres. “I already have your ticket. You can sit between Isaac and I, we can relegate my nephew to the end of the row where only Boyd will have to deal with him.”“Thanks,” Boyd muttered, following along. “What have I done to piss you off lately, Peter?”“Oh, I’m sure I can think of a few things.” Peter offered him a smile. “Popcorn, Boyd?”With a deep sigh, Boyd turned and headed back for the line-up once Peter handed him his own ticket. Stiles felt a little guilty, because the only reason he’d left it to begin with was because of him. He didn’t have the chance to really do anything about it though because Peter was dragging him towards their theatre, giving the tickets to the usher and then entering the dark room.The screen was still playing the pre-show, but Stiles watched it anyway, almost tripping on the stairs on his way up to their seats. As promised, he sat down with Peter on his right, and Isaac on his left. Erica was on Isaac’s other side, with an empty seat left for Boyd, Derek taking up the aisle seat.When Boyd arrived, Stiles had no idea how he’d carried everything, because he had so much stuff it shouldn’t have been possible. Isaac put his drink down in the spot between him and Stiles, telling him he was welcome to share if he wanted.Stiles took that to mean he could have the whole thing, pretty much, because halfway through the movie he found himself sucking air through the straw. He felt bad about that, but Isaac didn’t seem to mind. Stiles blamed it on the popcorn, because Boyd had bought him a small popcorn with extra butter and it was making his mouth dry.The movie was actually pretty good. Better than he’d been anticipating, if he was honest. He hadn’t had high hopes for it because the trailers hadn’t looked great, so it was nice to be able to walk out feeling like he’d enjoyed it.When they got outside, the others were talking about dinner, and while Stiles could tell there was a bit of a hint that he was invited, he didn’t have the money for it with tuition coming up again in the new year so he just stayed silent while they spoke about it.When the opportunity presented itself, he politely told them he was going to head home. He saw Isaac deflate and Boyd frown a little, but it was Erica who spoke.“You’re thick, we were inviting you to come without actually saying it. It’s still a work outing.”“Thanks, but I really can’t. My Jeep’s still in the shop and tuition’s coming up. Maybe next time.” He made it very clear in his emphasis that he wasn’t going to accept someone paying for him so they let it drop.He started to wave and turn so he could leave, but Derek grabbed him by the shirt and shoved him in another direction quite forcefully, walking behind him a few steps before moving beside him and impatiently motioning for him to head for his Camaro.“I’ll meet you at the restaurant,” Derek said over his shoulder.Stiles still had no idea what the fuck was going on, because Derek still hated him, but he was just so fucking weird.He followed Derek to the Camaro without complaint, because anything was better than riding the bus in the middle of the day on a Sunday, and climbed in once the door was unlocked. He was gratified when Derek buckled in, and while he still drove like a maniac, he had to tone it down a little since it wasn’t the middle of the night and there were more cars out on the road.They both rode in silence, as always, and once the car stopped in front of his house, Stiles turned to Derek.“Why do you drive me home all the time?” he asked, because by God, he was going to get an answer if it killed him. “You don’t even like me.”Derek turned to scowl at him. “Because they like you.”Stiles scoffed. “You don’t even seem to like them, from the looks of things.”He heard creaking, eyes shooting to Derek’s hands clenching the steering wheel. “They’re mine,” Derek said, forcing Stiles’ gaze back to his face. “They belong to me. So I care about them. And they care about you. Annoyingly.” He faced forward once more. “Now get out.”Stiles rolled his eyes but still muttered a thanks while exiting the car, slamming the door and watching Derek peel away from the curb. He really didn’t get that guy, but at least it was nice he cared about his pack.He wandered into the house a few minutes later, having stayed outside pondering the enigma that was Derek Hale. His dad was watching TV in the living room, but turned when he entered and fell onto the couch.“How was the movie?”“Pretty good, actually. You’d hate it.”“Hm.” His dad sipped at the beer in his hand. “So,” he said casually, which had Stiles tensing immediately. “Noticed you got dropped off by Derek Hale. Didn’t realize he was back in town.”“Yeah,” Stiles said cautiously, eyes on the TV. “He was at the outing.”“This work outing you went to. For the coffeeshop you work at.”Uh oh, Stiles realized. Because his dad knew perfectly well that Peter Hale owned a coffeeshop in town, and while Stiles hadn’t immediately made the connection about Derek and Peter since he knew very little about the Hales as a whole, his dad had been involved in the investigation when the Hale house burned down and knew perfectly well that Derek was Peter’s nephew.“Yup,” Stiles said, popping the ‘p’ and continuing to watch the television.His dad turned it off, which was bad, because it was baseball so if his dad was turning it off, it meant he was in trouble.“Stiles, why didn’t you tell me you worked for Peter Hale?”“Didn’t I?” Stiles asked, turning to him and feigning innocence. “Could’ve sworn I did.”“Stiles,” his dad said, using The Tone.Man, he was so not in the mood for this right now.“Dad, it’s not a big deal, okay? They’re all really nice, and I like my job.” He didn’t mention Derek was a bit of a dick and making him slowly hate his job, but that was neither here nor there.“I’m not going to tell you not to work there, Stiles, I just wish you’d told me. It’s dangerous working in that area, and everyone knows the Howling coffee place only employs Werewolves. People are going to think you’re one of them and then what?”“Then I sue them and can afford to pay off all my debts when they come at me and I don’t end up being a Werewolf.” Stiles shrugged. “Pops, it’s fine. And nothing’s ever happened, it’s actually really chill. People like the place, and sure it gets vandalized, but never while anyone’s in there.”His dad still didn’t look happy about it, but more likely because he’d omitted rather than because he worked there. Though maybe also a tiny bit because he worked there.“Dad, it’s fine.” Stiles rolled his eyes. “Don’t worry, everything will be fine.”Working with Derek was making Stiles hate his life a lot. If he thought the others gave him weird looks when he walked in, it was nothing to what Derek did. He always looked like Stiles personally offended him with his hygiene, which was getting kind of frustrating because Stiles could literally do nothing further to improve what he smelled like. He showered as much as he could, it wasn’t his fault they didn’t like how he smelled.Maybe it was his natural scent. Everyone had a natural smell unique to them, maybe his was just particularly foul to Werewolves. There wasn’t anything he could do about that!It made him want to just douse himself with coffee or something, which would be relatively easy given where he worked, not to mention the messes he cleaned up. Like right now, for example, because he was in the process of wiping down the counter after a particularly nasty spill from one of the patrons. He’d just about finished up clearing the worst of it when the door opened and he groaned internally.Matt had just walked in and he made a bee-line for the counter, smiling at Stiles and leaning forward slightly so they were closer together. Stiles just straightened, having mostly finished mopping up the mess anyway, though Matt had his arms in the residue, now. He probably couldn’t feel it through his thick coat.It looked expensive, which meant Matt had money. Which meant he was used to getting what he wanted. That kind of explained why he wasn’t paying attention to Stiles’ very clear ‘not interested’ signals.“Hey Stiles.”“Hi Matt. The usual?” he turned to get his drink started, wanting him gone as quickly as possible, though he knew it wasn’t that easy. It was never that easy.“If you wouldn’t mind,” Matt said from behind him. Stiles turned to give him a small nod and saw Matt’s eyes shoot back to his face. Great, he’d been checking out his ass. This guy was so fucking creepy. He was the kind of person who peeped through people’s windows at night.Stiles tried his best to just ignore that he was there, grabbing what he needed quickly and turning back to make his drink at the coffee machine. He liked a whole bunch of weird green tea shit in his coffee, so Stiles always had to grab the tea stuff first.“So how’ve you been?” Matt asked, moving over on the other side of the counter so he and Stiles were facing one another while he worked at the coffee machine.“Fine. How are you?” Stiles asked, because he was polite.“I’m good. Better now, being in here. I love the coffee here, but it always tastes extra special when you make him.” He offered Stiles an awkward wink. Stiles didn’t know how to react to that so he just kept staring down at the metal cup he was using to heat up the milk in, pretending he hadn’t even seen the wink.“You have any plans for the winter holidays this year?”“It’s still over a month away,” Stiles informed him instead of answering, pouring his drink into a to go cup and slapping a lid on it. Matt hadn’t technically said it was to go, but Stiles was nothing if not optimistic! He moved back to the till, setting it down and waiting for Matt to pay. He hadn’t even gone for his wallet yet.“I know,” he said, leaning forward on the counter again, having followed Stiles back.Stiles really wished he’d just pay and leave. If he wanted to get harassed and hit on by creepers, he’d go to a club.“But I figured school’s gonna be out for both of us by then. Maybe we could hang o—”“Hey!”Both Stiles and Matt jumped at the snarl and Stiles whipped around to see Derek at the back door, looking livid.Christ, what now?!“We don’t pay you to socialize, get back to work. I have shit I need you to get done before the day’s over.”“Sorry,” Stiles said, even though he wasn’t at all, and was actually super grateful because Derek was inadvertently saving him from Matt by being pissed he was ‘socializing.’ He turned back to Matt, offering a weak smile. “Sorry, back to work. That’ll be four-seventy.”Matt scowled at Derek, who just stood at the back door glaring back with his arms crossed. He seemed to realize he wasn’t going to win the staring contest because he pulled a five dollar bill from his pocket and handed it over to Stiles.“Keep the change.” He winked again.Thirty cents. Golly gee, Stiles could pay for his tuition with all that tip money!“Thanks for stopping by.” Stiles couldn’t even muster up a half-hearted pun for him. Puns were reserved for the nice customers and the newbies, not for assholes and creepers.He watched Matt leave the coffeeshop, Derek still hovering by the back door. Once he’d exited and the front door eased to a close behind him, Stiles let out a slow breath and turned to Derek with a sense of trepidation. Something unpleasant was in his future, he could feel it.“What’s up? What do you need?”Derek was still glaring at the front door, but he shifted his gaze to Stiles when he spoke.Then they stared at each other. Stiles raised his eyebrows, waiting for his orders, but Derek just levelled him with a hard glare.“Clean some machines or something,” he finally snapped, and turned to disappear into the back once more.Stiles rolled his eyes, annoyed and not understanding the guy, but he obediently started cleaning the coffee machine. He usually did it regularly anyway when there was a lull, it helped ensure there was no build-up. He also did the pastry inventory to ensure they had enough to fill up the display in the morning. Sometimes they ran out of muffins, and their customers were not happy about it. Muffins appeared to be their favourite, which Stiles kind of liked because Erica was the one who made them.And they were pretty delicious, but he felt like it was mostly because they weren’t the same generic ones as other places. They didn’t have things like carrot, and chocolate chip, and blueberry. Their four muffins were maple pecan, strawberry rhubarb, chocolate peanut butter and for some inexplicable reason, cheesy jalapeno. They were the only place in town where people could get these muffins and during the morning shift, they sold out like wildfire. Stiles didn’t often work the morning shifts because of his classes—though he did occasionally when he was scheduled on the day he had his night class—but it was hell once they sold out because people were not nice about it.Stiles was in the middle of checking out another customer, offering one of his puns—“Enjoy your iced coffee! They’re cool beans!”—when the door opened and Boyd walked in.Frowning, he watched Boyd head for the back room, and a few moments later, he re-emerged pulling his apron on over his head and tying it off.“Hey,” Stiles said cautiously, confused. Was he being sent home or something? “What’s up?”“Derek had to go,” Boyd explained. “Something happened with his work.”“Oh.” Stiles had had no idea. Which made sense, he supposed, since he and Derek literally never spoke unless Derek was being rude to him. The guy really needed to work on his interpersonal skills.Though apparently Derek had another job? Doing what, making people miserable? Stiles didn’t know they paid people to do that, assholes were free!He stood there pondering what possible job Derek could have before giving up. “Can I ask you a question?”“Can I stop you?” Boyd asked, expression neutral but tone giving away that he was teasing.Stiles grinned at him, Boyd wandering past him and patting his shoulder while heading for the schedule on the other counter.“What’s Derek’s job? Like, what does he do aside from bully me?”“He’s a writer,” Boyd informed him, not even commenting on the bullying because he probably knew it was true. “A really good one. Famous one, actually.”What?“Wait, Derek’s a writer?” What did he write, books on how to make people quit their jobs? “A famous one?”“Yeah, really big name author,” Boyd informed him.Okay, seriously, what?!“How come I’ve never heard about his books?” Stiles asked. “I mean, not that I’ve ever actively gone looking for them or anything considering I only just found out about this, but if he’s some kind of hotshot writer that people read all the time, how come no one knows about him? You’d think the whole town would be all over that, but I’ve never heard anyone mention a book by him.”Boyd seemed to hesitate for a moment, flipping through the schedule for a bit before he said, “He writes under a pseudonym. Only a few people in town know it’s him, but no one really spreads it around to avoid causing him problems. People would start boycotting his books if they knew a Werewolf was the one writing them, so it’s mostly a few really big supporters who know. He doesn’t do signings and his picture isn’t in the back of the book, so no one who doesn’t already know it’s him can figure it out.”“Oh.” Stiles supposed that made sense. After all, the town was almost evenly split between supporters and haters of Werewolves. “Uh, am I allowed to ask what it is? His pseudonym, I mean.”Boyd glanced up at him, eyebrows raised.Stiles waived one hand. “I’m not going to tell anyone. I guess I’m just curious about what he writes, is all.”They stared at one another for a moment, then Boyd dropped the page he was looking at and walked across the area to the back door once more. Stiles’ stomach clenched at the thought that maybe he’d crossed some kind of line he hadn’t been aware of.He was in the middle of trying to figure out how to fix this when Boyd came back out carrying a worn paperback book. He moved over to Stiles and held it out.The thing looked terrible, spine bent and peeling, cover faded and cracked, pages ear-marked and ripped.“This is his first book,” Boyd explained when Stiles made no move to take it. “It’s my favourite of his.”“Clearly,” Stiles said, trying for a small smile, but he still took the battered book in both hands as cautiously as he could, checking the cover.When he saw the author, he was actually surprised, because he had heard about him. He’d heard a lot about him, because his books were at the top of the best seller’s list for months, almost never being unseated because he churned new ones out so fast.The book he held was under the name ‘Michael Wolfe.’ Stiles knew his father’s name had been Michael, and well, the last name seemed pretty obvious. A little on the nose for Stiles’ taste, but whatever. He looked over the title, ‘Catalyst,’ and then flipped it over to read the back.Stiles was a little surprised by the synopsis. He hadn’t exactly been sure what he’d been expecting, but it sounded kind of Sherlock Holmes-ish. It was about two detectives who helped the police solve murders, but no one knew they were Supernatural beings. One was a Warlock, and the other was a Necromancer, so while their detective skills were top class, their Supernatural boost made it easier for them to solve crime.“This actually sounds pretty good,” Stiles admitted, starting to hand it back.“You can borrow it,” Boyd said. “Give it a read. If you like it, let me know. We have his whole series at home.”“This is a series?” Stiles asked.“Yeah, his more popular one. He’s got four ongoing series right now, but this is the one he works on the most. People really like it.”“Cool, thanks!” Stiles was actually kind of excited to read about it. He knew being aware that an asshole like Derek had written it might influence his ability to enjoy it, but he’d at least give it a try.The rest of the shift was spent in enjoyable company, Stiles’ mood improving now that he didn’t have a dick to deal with, and at the end of the shift, Boyd offered him a ride home. Thankfully his Jeep was scheduled to be picked up in the morning, so he wouldn’t have to worry about the bus anymore, but for tonight he did accept the offer since he didn’t want to end up waiting at the bus stop in the cold again.He and Boyd chatted about the next outing Peter was planning—a dinner at a fancy buffet, apparently—and Boyd was very insistent that Stiles was invited. Stiles always felt uncomfortable because it was never Peter who invited him, but the others. Then again, Peter never seemed to mind when he showed up so it kind of reinforced the whole ‘Peter felt like Stiles could handle Derek and wasn’t trying to get him to quit’ thing. Though only just.Once he got home, Stiles showered thoroughly, being sure to scrub extra hard to ensure any and all unpleasant scents would leave his skin before morning. He wasn’t working the following day, but the more he cleaned himself, the better he would smell, he was sure.Ready for bed and crawling under the covers, Stiles kept his nightstand light on and grabbed the book Boyd had lent him. He stared at the cover for a long while before finally sighing and flipping to the first page, beginning to read.He hadn’t expected the book to start on an action sequence right away, which was unfortunate for him because he ended up super engrossed in the book and by the time he realized what time it was, he was halfway through chapter five and there were bodies hanging from the rafters of one of the detectives’ homes. But it was also three in the morning, so Stiles forced himself to put it down and then rolled over to try and get some sleep.That lasted all of five minutes before he was sitting up and grabbing the book again.He could just get coffee on his way to class. No big deal.No big deal.Stiles flew into the coffeeshop two days later, hurrying to the counter where Boyd was counting down the till and Isaac was cleaning one of the coffee machines. Stiles slammed both hands on the counter, Boyd cocking an eyebrow at him.Stiles mouthed ‘is he here?’ and motioned the back door, and when Boyd nodded, he just flailed spastically and jumped up and down a few times before pulling the book out of his bag and shaking it at Boyd with both hands.Boyd let out a small chuckle and took it from Stiles, pantomiming that he’d bring him the next one later. Stiles pulled out his phone and typed out a message for him not to bother since he’d already bought it and was halfway through it. Boyd let out a louder laugh at that.“What’s going on over here?” Isaac demanded, leaning in beside Boyd. He winced when he got close to Stiles, lips downturned, but said nothing while Stiles typed out a message and turned his phone once more, informing Isaac that he was reading Derek’s books but that Derek could not know.“Good, right?” Isaac asked with an impish grin.“Oh my God,” Stiles moaned, the sound of it positively filthy, but that was how he felt. The books were orgasmic. How someone like Derek could fucking write like that, he had no idea. “I stayed up all night on the first. I like, I can’t even handle it. I feel like I’m dying right now.”The back door slammed open hard enough for it to hit the opposite wall, Derek walking out with a scowl on his face. His black shirt was sticking to his skin, it was so tight, every muscle clearly defined, and he had his apron around his waist, like he always did.If he weren’t such a dick, Stiles would have a crush on him.“If you’re going to die, do it after your shift. You’re late.”“I’m not late,” Stiles informed him, mood souring instantly. He noticed Boyd tucking the book away out of sight, and was grateful.Then again, it might have been for Boyd’s own benefit rather than Stiles’, considering it would suggest he’d admitted that Derek was Michael Wolfe.“I’m still early,” Stiles informed him, “my shift starts in seven minutes.”“And it’ll take you ten to get ready, because you’re slow.”“Oh, I’m sorry, does my human movement inconvenience you? Am I not moving fast enough for your wolf liking?” Stiles snapped, good mood instantly gone.He was never letting Derek know about how much he liked his books. Never.Stomping to the end of the counter and back around it, he shoved himself past Derek into the back room, not really having to work at it since Derek moved instantly before Stiles could touch him. At least that was one thing Stiles had going for him: Derek didn’t want him touching him. Stiles felt like he could chase Derek around the coffeeshop with his hand outstretched and Derek would run like they were playing a game of tag and he didn’t want to be it.He threw his things angrily into his locker, pulling off his coat and grabbing his apron, yanking it on over his head and arguing vehemently with Derek in his head. His imagination self was very loquacious and always put Derek in his place. He wished he could be that good in person, but alas, he was not.Hell, the only reason Stiles had even come through the front door today was to avoid Derek as long as possible. He had the Jeep back, so he’d parked it behind the shop, thus technically being able to come into the back room through the door that led out to the lot, but Derek was always in the back, so he didn’t do that.By the time he was out front, the other three immediately stopped speaking and he scowled, wondering what Derek was saying about him since he knew Boyd and Isaac had his back. Maybe Derek was using his Alpha status to tell them to stop being so friendly with him, but even if he had, it obviously hadn’t worked. Isaac gave him a huge hug on his way by, ruffling his hair and grinning at Stiles’ annoyed exclamation. Boyd patted his shoulder, as he often did, and the two of the disappeared into the back.Stiles just went straight to the till and began to organize the area a little bit, Derek standing unmoving behind him. He didn’t have time for this stupid speciesist bullshit, so he just ignored him.His mood only soured when he glanced up ten seconds later to find Matt walking in, beaming like Stiles was the fucking light of his life. He moved right up to the counter, and Stiles heard Derek inhaling deeply behind him, as if trying to find patience.“Hey Stiles,” Matt said with a smile, eyes flicking past him to Derek and hardening slightly. “How’s it going?”“Super,” Stiles replied, trying not to sound too sarcastic. “The usual?”“Actually, maybe something different this time. What do you recommend?”Fuck, Stiles was not in the mood for this. “I don’t know, what do you like?”“Surprise me, then.”Stiles was going to quit. Fuck working here, he could just hang out with Boyd, Isaac and Erica outside of work. He’d find another job, he could utilize his amazing punning skills elsewhere. He didn’t need to deal with this kind of—Stiles jumped when a coffee was almost slammed down beside him, hastily moving his hand to avoid getting burned when some of it sloshed over the side. Matt jerked upright so he wasn’t leaning on the counter anymore, scowling at Derek.“Surprise,” Derek informed him. “Two-fifty. Pay and get out.”“Dude,” Stiles insisted, turning to him. Sure, he didn’t like Matt himself, but he was a regular and Peter seemed to like him. Stiles turned back to Matt. “Sorry,” he muttered, not really feeling very sorry. “I can make you something else.”“It’s fine,” Matt said, tone a little cold, but he was mostly directing that at Derek. “Coffee is fine.” He handed him a five dollar bill and told him to keep the change, then picked up his coffee, glared at Derek, and left the coffeeshop.Before Stiles could even turn to snap at him, Derek had already disappeared through the back door and Stiles scoffed. Seriously, why did Derek even work there? He didn’t like the people, he didn’t like the store, he didn’t like Stiles. He should just fucking not work there. Go back to his secluded cabin in the woods and write his books.At least his books were good and disguised that he was an all-around shitty person.He spent the majority of his shift debating telling Peter he was going to quit. He felt like the only reason he didn’t was because Derek hung out in the back most of the shift, as was the norm, and the customers coming in were all relatively nice to him.When the shift ended, he cleaned up the area and finished up what he was doing. Derek was done before him, and they headed out of the coffeehouse together into the lot. Derek was in his car and gone before Stiles had even reached his Jeep. He just rolled his eyes and climbed into his car, slamming the door hard.“Whatever,” he muttered, trying not to let it bother him.But it did. It did bother him. Stiles didn’t like that Derek hated him for no reason.And it fucking did bother him!“What happened to beating him into submission?” Scott asked, sitting at his desk and scowling down at a notebook in front of him, pen in one hand and cheek resting against his other fist. He had the phone propped up against something so it was aimed at him, but Stiles knew he was mostly focussing on what he was doing.“I don’t think I can beat him into submission,” Stiles muttered. “I can only take so much bullshit, and he is a master bullshiter. He’s so rude, and mean.” Stiles felt very childish for saying that, but he really hated how Derek treated him. Stiles had been nothing but pleasant since they’d started working together, but Derek seemed determined to make his life miserable. Stiles wasn’t asking for much, just a bit of civility. Just for Derek to say hi every now and then, to cut him some slack, to not always insist Stiles was lazy or late or a bad worker. He just... wanted to go back to enjoying going to work.He’d actually been debating quitting a majority of the day again, and the only reason he didn’t was because he came home to a stack of bills his dad had to pay. His dad was already struggling to put him through school, and Stiles wasn’t going to make things harder on him. He didn’t make much at the coffeeshop, but he made enough that he could pay for groceries, and that was already helping out his dad a lot. At the rate things were going, his dad wouldn’t have a retirement fund, and Stiles was not okay with that.He wondered what it was like having money. Given Derek was super rich, the pack had tons of it, and he wondered what that must be like. Being able to go out and eat in fancy restaurants all the time. Buying clothes just because they could and not because they needed them. Having nice cars, and a big house, and a cabin in the woods. Owning a coffeeshop and not having to care if it did well or not.Having money must be nice. Stiles didn’t know what that was like. He wished he did, but he knew that was never going to happen.
“You seriously need to talk to your boss.”
“It won’t do any good.”Scott looked up, frowning into the phone. “Why not? He’s his boss too, isn’t he? I know you said he was his nephew, but he’s still his boss, right?”Stiles opened his mouth to explain, then shut it again. He couldn’t exactly tell Scott that Peter had no control over Derek, because it would mean explaining Derek was Peter’s Alpha and that was a conversation he wasn’t going to be having. Not only because he avoided Supernatural talk, but also because that was Werewolf pack business, and Stiles wasn’t involved in that and wasn’t at liberty to discuss it. He technically shouldn’t even know it, considering Derek hadn’t told him willingly.“It’s complicated,” he settled on instead.“I could probably get you a gig at Deaton’s,” Scott offered hesitantly. “I mean, you’d probably be manning the front, and I can’t guarantee anything, but I could try.”Bless Scott, really. That was so nice. But Stiles didn’t want him to try and use any favours up. Scott still wasn’t guaranteed a job when he got back, and Stiles wasn’t willing to risk Scott and Deaton having a fallout over him.“Nah, it’s cool.” Stiles leaned back in his desk chair and crossed his arms, his phone propped up against a mug that had been sitting on his desk for far too long. “I’ll talk to someone about it.”Stiles was not, in fact, going to talk to anyone about it, but Scott looked a little less concerned now thinking that he would. He went back to his notebook, chewing on his pen, and Stiles was once again hit with a sense of nostalgia. His chest ached with how much he missed Scott, and if he didn’t already know the answer, he’d have asked again if he was sure Scott couldn’t come home for the winter holidays. As it stood, he would just have to live without him for another holiday season.When it became clear that Scott was completely focussed on what he was doing, Stiles called goodbye and hung up when Scott grunted at him. Realistically, Stiles needed to get some studying done, too. He was just lazy.So lazy, in fact, that he stood to go and fall onto his bed, rolling over until he was comfortable, and then grabbed the book on his nightstand, ignoring that it was Derek who’d written it and turning to the last page he’d been on.It was weird to see how well Derek could write relationships and friendships. He was so good at it that Stiles sometimes couldn’t help but wonder if Derek really was the author, or if Boyd was just fucking with him.He knew Boyd wasn’t like that, so he hadn’t lied, but still! It was just so weird! This was Derek’s writing! Derek! The guy who couldn’t even make coffee for someone without being rude about it. Whose own pack didn’t like having him around because he was such a dick. Who treated Stiles like dirt under his shoe because he was human.Then again, for dirt under his shoe, Derek drove him home a lot. When the Jeep was out of commission, anyway. Sure, he’d said he did it because his pack cared about him, but it was still weird for a big, bad Alpha Werewolf to be driving around a puny human he hated just because his pack liked the puny human.Werewolves were weird.They were so, so weird.If Stiles ever got the opportunity to learn more about them, he was going to write a ‘how to’ book.People needed to know how fucking weird they were, and how hard it was keeping all their weird Werewolf activities in check.Stiles was on book four of Derek’s series by the end of the week. Things had remained mostly the same, with the upturned noses at how he smelled, Derek’s shitty behaviour, Matt’s incessant inability to understand no. So basically, the usual.He hadn’t quit yet, and he hadn’t spoken to anyone. He tried his best not to let Derek bother him, and just focussed on the positives of working for the coffeeshop.All that being said, Stiles also had midterms, which was making him more irritable than usual, and being around someone who was a dick to him all the time was not helping his mood.Which probably explained why he wasn’t super careful with his words in front of an irate customer.The man had ordered a double hot black, dark roast coffee, and Stiles had proceeded to give him what he asked for. The guy had paid—without tipping, because he was clearly a dick—and then turned away to leave, sipping at his coffee. He then immediately rounded on Stiles, holding out the steaming cup and glaring at him.“What the fuck is this shit?”Stiles scowled, because this was a family establishment and there was no need for that kind of language. “The coffee you ordered.”“This isn’t coffee,” the man insisted, moving back up to the till. “This tastes like garbage. Like liquid dirt.”“Liquid dirt?” Stiles asked, giving him an annoyed look. “You mean mud? Is that what you mean? The coffee tastes like mud? Maybe that’s because it was ground a couple of minutes ago.”He knew even as he said it that he shouldn’t have. Even as the pun left his mouth, he knew he shouldn’t say it, and just apologize for the man not knowing what the fuck dark roast tasted like—that is to say, fucking battery acid. He should’ve offered him another cup, free of charge, and let him go on his merry way having jipped a coffeehouse two dollars and fifty cents.But he didn’t. Instead, he said those words. And the man in front of him stiffened. He gave him a hard look, scowled angrily, and Stiles practically watched in slow motion as he shifted his arm and angled the coffee in his direction.The fucking steaming hot coffee Stiles had just double-heated, that was literally steaming, and probably going to burn the shit out of his face, given that was where it was angled.He’d barely managed to get one arm up, attempting to cover as much of his face as he could in the split second of time he had before it would hit him when he flew sideways, landing hard on his side on the ground and hearing a snarl. His shoulder burned from the impact and he quickly rolled onto his back, braced on his elbows, and stared up at Derek, who was fisting the man’s shirt, coffee dripping down his own front and staining his apron.“Ow,” Derek snarled, features more animal than human.He was pretty sure the customer had just wet himself.“That was fucking hot, asshole,” he said to the man, the entire coffeehouse pitch silent barring the jovial music playing over the speakers. “Do you know what hot coffee does when it hits human skin? It burns. Coffee this hot would’ve burned my employee. In the face. You could’ve blinded him. Because you didn’t like your coffee? Is that why you were going to blind my employee? Because it wasn’t to your liking?”The man shook his head vehemently, and Stiles was totally positive he’d wet himself.“You are not welcome back here,” Derek informed him. “You should re-evaluate your life if you think throwing hot coffee at a customer service worker is an appropriate reaction to not having received what you think you ordered.” He shoved the man back hard, and he stumbled a few steps before falling on his ass, out of Stiles’ field of vision now.“Get the fuck out before I call the cops, and don’t you dare come back.”Stiles heard scrambling footsteps and then the door was slammed open. A split second later, people were clapping and one person started cheering. Derek just scowled out at all of them before turning to glare at Stiles, his features slowly melting back to human but his eyes bright red.For a few long seconds, they just stared at one another, Derek’s eyes still Alpha red and Stiles unable to fully process what had just happened. After what seemed an age, Derek’s eyes finally lost their Alpha glow, returning to normal, but he was still staring down at Stiles like he had no idea what to do with him.Eventually, he said, “Clean this up.” Then, he turned and slammed into the back room once more, the door swinging for a few seconds before finally settling.Stiles didn’t really know how to react. He hadn’t known Derek was anywhere close to him when the man had gone to throw the coffee at him, and he knew Derek was fast, but he didn’t have super speed. So had he just been right inside the door, waiting for Stiles to fuck up?And why had he saved him anyway? Sure, Stiles would’ve definitely gotten badly burned, given the temperature of the coffee, and he was super grateful, but Derek didn’t like him. He barely seemed to tolerate him. So this was unexpected, and while he knew Derek insisted he protected him because the pack liked him, it wasn’t like the pack was here. Derek could’ve pretended he hadn’t reached him in time.It’s not like Stiles was expecting him to save him. He’d been totally convinced he was about to get his face and arm burned, and all he had to show for his smart mouth was a sore shoulder and dirty jeans.Stiles climbed back to his feet, looking around awkwardly, though most of the remaining patrons had gone back to what they were doing. He just cleaned up the mess, as instructed, and slowly began to clean up the coffee machine for something to occupy his hands with.One of the girls who hung out with her laptop approached the counter a few minutes later, asking for a refill, and then quietly inquired as to whether or not he was okay. He forced the best smile he could and promised he was fine.She gave him a five dollar tip, which definitely helped improve his mood. Derek saving him had been unexpected, but appreciated, and he really wished the guy made more sense.Derek didn’t re-emerge from the office all evening until around ten, when Matt came in and started chatting with Stiles for a while. While he wasn’t positive, he felt like Derek knew he didn’t like him and was trying to intervene for Stiles’ sake. Though maybe also to ensure Stiles got back to work, not that he slacked off. His ADHD made it hard for him to slack off because he always had to be doing something.They left the coffeehouse after their shift at the same time again, Derek peeling out before Stiles had even reached his Jeep. He just rolled his eyes, like he always did, and climbed into his car, slamming the door and sitting there thinking about Derek.He really wished the guy made more sense.It was well into November, with snow on the ground and holiday spirit in the air, the day that Isaac finally told Stiles why everyone looked like he smelled bad whenever he walked in.They were at the mall doing some very early shopping—Christmas for Stiles and Hanukkah for Isaac which started in early December this year—when they stopped in a Starbucks to grab a drink. For some inexplicable reason, Stiles decided he wanted a frappuccino, because if he was going to be cold outside, he might as well be cold inside, too.Isaac had opted for a hot chocolate and they’d sat down near the back corner to sip at their drinks, Stiles chasing the straw with his tongue and then sucking hard, hollowing his cheeks to get maximum suckage. He got a good mouthful of vanilla bean and chocolate, and while he was positive he was going to get a brain freeze, it would be worth it.They were in the middle of having a quiet moment together, watching the people walk by and ignoring the hustle and bustle of impatient people behind them in the line-up when Isaac let out a harsh exhale, put his coffee on the table, and turned to Stiles.“Stiles?”“Hm?” he asked, still watching people walk by outside and chewing on his straw.“Can I ask you something?” Stiles glanced at Isaac, because he sounded nervous, but looked determined. “It’s been bothering me for a while.”“Sure, what’s up?” Stiles was still chewing on the straw, but instantly stopped when Isaac asked his question.“Why do you wash our scents off?”Stiles stared at him for a long while, trying to figure out what the fuck he was talking about. Eventually, he gave up, and just said, “What?”“You shower like,” Isaac sniffed, then crinkled his nose. “What, three times a day? Every time you come back to work, we notice that you seem to scrub really hard to get our scents off so that the barest trace of us remains on you. I was just—I mean, why do you do that? If it—if it bothers you, you can just tell us and we’ll stop.”Stiles kept staring at him, mind screeching to a halt. “What?” he asked.Isaac just watched him, looking like a kicked puppy, and Stiles straightened from his hunched position, pushing his frap aside and practically slamming both hands down on the table.“Wait, what?!” he demanded, completely floored. All this time, he’d been scrubbing hard to get himself to smell better, and that was actually the fucking problem?! “No! I thought—you guys always look really unhappy when—I just thought...” Stiles didn’t even know what to say. “I thought I smelled bad!” he finally blurted out. “I’m getting a complex over it!”Isaac gave him a weird look. “What? No, you don’t smell bad. You smell like us. Like pack. We keep trying to pull you in more, but you just... you keep washing it off.”“No,” Stiles insisted, shaking his head emphatically. “No, I didn’t—I had no idea! Isaac, I swear, I wasn’t purposefully trying to wash anything off about your scents, I just thought I smelled bad!” He felt like everything had just tipped sideways.He’d been taking multiple showers a day for months, scrubbing his skin raw and probably really damaging his hair because no one should shower that much on a daily basis, and now to find out he was doing the opposite of what they wanted—shit! It was probably why they also insisted he keep his apron at work, and why Isaac and Erica always stole it when he did wash it. They were just trying to get their scents back on it!“Is that–is that why you guys always look so unhappy when I walk in? Because you’re scenting me, and I keep washing it off?”Isaac hesitated, eying him, as if unsure to believe whether or not Stiles was being sincere. But he had to know he was, because he could hear Stiles’ heartbeat!“You’re really not doing it on purpose?”“Shit dude, no! I honestly thought I smelled bad so I was just—I’m actually showering too much, at this point, but I was doing it to be courteous to you guys! Because, you know, the whole sensitive to smells thing. I was trying to be nice. Shit, I’m really sorry. I didn’t—I had no idea, I swear.”Isaac looked both relieved and a little embarrassed, rubbing the back of his neck with one hand, displacing the scarf he had around his neck. It wasn’t so much a scarf for warmth as it was a scarf for fashion. Stiles had learned long ago Isaac was big into fashion.“So... is it cool, then? If we keep scenting you, I mean.”“Yeah, man!” Stiles grinned and reached over to punch him lightly in the arm. “Yeah, it’s totally fine. I didn’t—I swear, it was a complete misunderstanding. If you guys are fine with how I smell, I’ll go back to showering once a day like a normal person. I just—I really thought you guys didn’t like something about how I smelled.” He laughed and rubbed his face with both hands. “Shit, I feel like a dick. You guys probably all thought I was subtly trying to get you to back off. I swear, I wasn’t trying to get rid of the scents.”“It’s okay.” Isaac looked much happier now, like he was glad they’d cleared up the misunderstanding since both the wolves and Stiles thought they were bothering the other. “Thanks for explaining. We were all getting a little, you know... we thought maybe you just pretended you were cool about the whole Werewolves thing.”“Nah, man.” Stiles grinned, pulling his frap back over. “I really don’t mind the scenting thing. You guys are awesome, I love hanging out with you. Case and point.” He motioned between them and Isaac smiled.It was true, too. With Scott across the country, Skype and FaceTime just didn’t do it for him anymore. It was hard being apart from his best friend, so it was nice he had new people to hang out with. Not that he and Scott weren’t still just as close, but it was different than having friends who were here.Stiles didn’t have many of them from high school, so meeting the wolves who were more or less the same age as him had been a bit of a relief for him. They were all really nice, and good people, so he’d lucked out that they didn’t find him completely obnoxious and actually wanted to hang out with him.They continued with their shopping after their brief break, and Stiles noticed Isaac hanging off him a lot more than usual. Evidently, now that Isaac knew Stiles didn’t mind, he was going to be a lot more touchey-feely. Stiles was cool with that, he knew it was a wolf thing. The others hung all over each other a lot at work, he just didn’t comment on it because it wasn’t polite.Another advantage to this conversation was that Isaac now seemed to feel like he could whine about the pack to Stiles, which he definitely could because Stiles was bursting with questions he wasn’t comfortable asking.He found out the Hale pack consisted of fifteen people—nine men and six women. The majority of them were adults, around Peter’s age, but Derek’s cousin, another guy away at school and Cora Hale were in the same age range as Isaac and the others. Surprisingly, Derek was only three years older than Stiles, which he hadn’t expected. He always thought he was much older.He’d become the Alpha when his family had died in the house fire, and while Peter had been bitter about it at first, he’d mellowed out over the years and was mostly running the pack anyway since Derek always disappeared for months on end when he had a deadline looming. Isaac said the second in the pack didn’t bother fighting Peter on it since he didn’t want to have to be in charge all the time, even though that was technically his duty while the Alpha was away. Stiles wished he’d said who the second was, but assumed it was someone he didn’t know.They had pack dinners together three times a year, and they shared all expenses and income so that everyone felt like they were contributing to the pack, and could benefit from each other’s hard work.Isaac didn’t tell him exactly where their home was, but he described the house itself relatively well. It sounded more like a mansion than a house, but Isaac insisted it sounded bigger than it was. For a bunch of Werewolves living together, it was the pits. Apparently Derek and Boyd had actually built a little extension off the end of the house for Boyd and Erica, since nobody wanted to listen to them have sex, but no one wanted to leave the pack house, either.Pack was safety. It was family. It was understanding and compassion and friendship. It sounded kind of amazing, if Stiles was honest.He also learned that nine of the thirteen in the pack were bitten wolves, including Isaac. Most of them had been bitten to be saved from death, though one of them had been bitten because he had no other family and nowhere else to go. Derek had been against his addition, but only because he felt like the man didn’t understand the consequences. Eventually, the pack had voted, and while he was the Alpha, he was also fair—apparently, who knew? So, he’d given him the bite and the guy had been part of their pack for almost four years. Isaac said he really liked him, because he was some old history professor who helped him a lot with his thesis for school.All in all, Stiles got a lot of insight into the pack on that one day, and he went home later feeling a little relieved. He liked knowing more about the people he had come to see as friends, and he was extremely glad to discover he didn’t have to take a shower three times a day anymore.He spent the evening with his dad, watching a movie and berating him for his poor eating habits, and then went to bed so he could be well rested for his morning shift with Derek McGrumpypants. Still, even though he had Derek to look forward to, knowing the rest of the pack liked him enough to actively scent him felt kind of nice, and he knew no matter what happened during his shift, Derek wouldn’t be able to spoil his good mood.They were halfway through the second week of December when shit got real for Stiles. Hanukkah had passed for Isaac and two others in the pack, but he’d told Stiles he’d wait for Christmas before giving him his present. That wasn’t what real shit was gotten, though, even if Stiles loved that he and Isaac were close enough for present exchanges.Stiles knew he liked the wolves, and he knew they meant something to him—even Derek, when he wasn’t being a dick—but he hadn’t realized how much he cared about them until that cold winter night in December.Derek had been sulking a lot lately, something that was evident because he was less of a dick and just more mopey and scowly than usual. Boyd informed Stiles that it was because he’d stopped showering so often so the scent of pack hit Derek in the face every time Stiles walked in.He felt kind of bad about it, but not enough to go back to showering three times a day. For one thing, the others were all a lot more cheerful when he was around and smelling like them, and for another, well, it was bad for his hair and skin. Derek could just deal with it. Wasn’t like he was in the pack, anyway.They still worked together pretty much all the time, and Stiles had officially read every single book in Derek’s detectives series. He’d started one of the other series a few days back, but it wasn’t as captivating as the detective one. He was still giving it a shot, though, because this one was a romance and he was really interested to learn how someone like Derek viewed romance.Stiles was in the middle of one of the more romance heavy chapters when he realized it was well past midnight. He’d put the book down and rolled over to try and sleep, but something was bothering him and he couldn’t put his finger on what. He felt antsy and uncomfortable and just... itchy. Kind of itchy. Like he could run a marathon. He didn’t really get it.After trying unsuccessfully to sleep for over an hour, he kicked his covers off himself, grabbed a hoodie, shoved his feet into some sneakers and left his room with his keys, phone and wallet. He didn’t bother being quiet on his way down the stairs, since his dad was working, and he let himself out of the house.There was frost on the ground, but thankfully no new snow. He walked slowly towards the Jeep, enjoying the peacefulness of the night, and paused when he glanced up and saw the moon was full. That meant the wolves were probably out running, enjoying their time together and being themselves in the forest somewhere.Stiles hoped they were having a good time, though he wished he could stop feeling so uncomfortable and jittery. He didn’t understand why, which was the most annoying thing, so he just climbed into the Jeep and started it, backing out onto the road. It was really cold in his car, and when he tried the heater, of course it just sputtered and died.He sighed and figured he wouldn’t be out long, anyway. He was just going for a short drive to clear his head and try and calm himself down. He didn’t have any particular destination in mind, so he just started driving around to areas he was familiar with. Being a resident of Beacon Hills since birth meant lots of places he was familiar with.He started with the police station, then his old school, his favourite diner in town, the library, and finally the coffeeshop.Stiles had just started to pass A Howling Good Coffee when he hit the brakes, frowning when he noticed the windows looked... weird. It was dark out, and the streetlight above the store wasn’t working, so it took him a few seconds to realize the reason the shop looked weird was because all the windows had been broken.“Fuck, really?!” he demanded angrily.He eased the Jeep to the side of the road, parking in one of the meter-parking spaces and pulled out his phone. He called his dad, sighing and rubbing the back of his neck.“Shouldn’t you be sleeping?” his father asked in way of greeting.“It’s Friday,” he argued. “Couldn’t sleep. I went for a drive, and just passed work. Someone vandalized it, can you please get a unit down here?”His dad sounded disappointed to hear that, but promised he’d be on his way with Parrish. Stiles said he’d call Peter and hung up. He was ready to do just that, dial his boss’ number, when movement caught his attention out of the corner of his eye and he turned to the coffeeshop again.He hadn’t realized it at first, but one of the gates was bent out of shape, and there were people inside the coffeehouse, probably breaking everything and causing thousands of dollars of damage to the machinery inside.“Oh, fuck no!” Stiles snapped. He shoved his phone into his hoodie pocket and kicked open the Jeep door. Moving to the trunk, he opened it and rooted around for something he could use as a weapon, finding an old baseball bat from his stint playing in little league wedged in a corner—he’d been wondering where that went. He yanked it out, slammed the trunk, and then hurried to the front of the store.He cut himself on some broken glass while climbing through the window over the broken gate, but he didn’t care, because he could see someone in the process of cutting into one of the plush leather seats with a hunting knife and his vision went red.“What the fuck are you doing?!” he demanded angrily, wielding his bat and ready to swing hard enough to have the guy’s head fly clear off his body.The other man jumped and whipped around, the coffeehouse too dark for Stiles to see his face. He rushed him, knife raised, but Stiles just swung the bat and was actually pretty sure he broke the guy’s arm. The other man let out a cry of pain, dropping the knife, and Stiles stumbled forward when something was smashed over his head from behind. He wasn’t sure what it was, but he saw stars for a few seconds and felt wetness in his hairline.He swung the bat wildly behind him, hearing an ‘oof’ that suggested he connected with someone. There was scrambling and crunching glass, and by the time Stiles’ head stopped spinning, he heard footsteps racing for the window so they could climb back out.Just in time for a police cruiser to stop at the curb.“Shit!” The group of four guys bolted for the door leading to the back room, but Stiles knew this place better than they did and he hurled his bat low to the ground across the open space, having it skid right through the gap on the right end of the counter so that when numbnuts number one went for the door, he stepped on the bat, lost his footing, and fell backwards into numbnuts number two.“Stiles?”“Dad, they’re still in here!” Stiles shouted.He didn’t know how many officers had come with his dad, but having slowed the men down from exiting the front part of the store meant Parrish had time to climb through and yell for them to stop, flashlight in one hand and gun in the other.Three of them made it through the door and into the back, likely racing for the exit that led into the lot. The last one just stood behind the counter with his hands raised, looking put out and annoyed.Stiles raced after the other three, but by the time he slammed through the exit door into the back lot, two of the remaining men were being wrestled to the ground—one of them by his dad—and the last one was being chased by who Stiles thought might be Tara.He hoped she caught him, because that was the guy who’d tried to slice into Stiles with his knife. He really hoped he’d broken his arm.“I thought you said you were only bringing Parrish,” Stiles said to his dad, though he was glad to see more officers.“I radioed that I was on my way here. Tara’s unit was closeby and she decided to come along.” He looked up at Stiles and scowled. “What happened?”Stiles waved one hand dismissively. His arm was cut and bleeding from the glass, but it didn’t really hurt so he didn’t worry about it. It looked worse than it was, because blood was staining the sleeve of his blue hoodie, but it really wasn’t that bad. He had a headache, and could feel blood in his hair, but he wasn’t woozy so he assumed that wasn’t serious, either.His dad was probably still going to force him to get checked out.Which he unfortunately did.An ambulance showed up a few minutes later, and Stiles got to sit in the back while they patched him up, confirming what he’d already assumed in that he was perfectly fine. Sure, he had a few injuries, but his arm didn’t even need stitches, and they didn’t seem at all concerned with his head, giving him some Tylenol and cleaning it up for him. His arm at least got bandaged, but his head didn’t even need that, further proving that he was fine and his dad was paranoid.Stiles tried to call Peter a few times while the police went through the shop to assess the damage, but he didn’t answer. Since Stiles worked there, he was the one they asked about all the items that had been destroyed or damaged. He felt uncomfortable having to talk about that, since this wasn’t his store, but thankfully it was just his dad and Tara. Parrish and Tara’s partner took the two cruisers back to the station with the four guys—Tara ended up catching the fourth guy, which Stiles was thrilled about, and turned out he did break his arm since the paramedics had had to check him out before he was put in the cruiser. Stiles felt a little sorry about it, but he was just glad they hadn’t gotten away, and he was super thankful for his bat. He was going to keep that bat in his Jeep forever.Once statements were given and the damage report was done, his dad said he’d keep trying to call Peter and that Stiles should go home.He refused, because the place was a mess, and that meant they’d have to close for the day which was one day of lost income for Peter and the pack and Stiles was not okay with that. He had no plans on Saturday, and he wasn’t working, so he just told his dad he’d stick around and clean up until someone could get a hold of Peter. Given the full moon, it’d probably take them a while.So, his dad left and Stiles locked the back door, then stood in the destroyed coffeehouse looking around and sighing. It was so chaotic he didn’t even know where to start, and decided after a few minutes to begin cleaning up all the glass.Literally every window had been broken, so there was glass everywhere. Stiles pulled out the broom and one of the buckets to carry the glass in since a bag would probably rip through, and got to work sweeping up all the glass in the shop. That took him the better part of an hour, and then he moved on to the chairs and tables, trying to decide which ones were salvageable and which ones weren’t.He kept trying to call Peter every now and then, sprinkling in some calls to Boyd, Isaac and Erica, but none of them picked up. Every few minutes he felt a spike of panic about something having happened to them, but he quickly squashed it because it was the full moon and they were fine.He was in the process of trying to figure out if he could fix up one of the broken coffee machines when he almost jumped out of his skin at his phone ringing loudly in the silence of the coffeeshop. He hastily pulled it from his pocket, Peter’s name flashing on the screen, and answered the call.“Pet—”
“Are you okay? What happened? What’s wrong? Why did you call so many times? What’s going on? Do I need to murder someone?” 
Stiles was a little taken aback at the aggressive tone coming down the line. He could only assume Peter hadn’t listened to his voicemails, because Stiles had left him a few, and he was sure his father had, as well. The cops had been there until close to three, and it was now almost seven with the sun rising. Stiles was exhausted, but unwilling to stop working because he wanted to try and get the place into some semblance of order so that maybe they could open shop around nine, which would only be an hour later than normal for a Saturday.“Someone vandalized the shop,” Stiles told him, listening to Peter’s angry breathing on the other end. It was weird that Peter was so pissed off without even knowing why to be pissed off yet. “I was driving by and I saw them doing it. They’re all in custody, but the shop’s kind of in bad shape.”“Are you safe? Where are you?” Peter demanded, and Stiles could hear movement and voices in the background.“Uh, at the shop?”
“What?! Why?!”
“I was cleaning up?” Stiles was very confused.
“Don’t move. I’ll be right there. Do not move!”
He hung up while half-way through shouting Boyd’s name and Stiles just pulled his phone away from his ear and stared down at it. He shrugged and put it back into his pocket, returning to the task at hand. The machine was damaged for sure, but it didn’t seem to be in too bad of a shape. He felt like a service call might be enough to get it working, and on the plus side, the second machine didn’t even look touched. Like Stiles had interrupted them before they’d gotten that far.Making himself a coffee, both to test the machine and because he was exhausted, he was pleased to find that it actually worked. As long as they opened only for to-go orders, they could probably manage. Most of the baked goods in the back hadn’t been touched, and while the display case was broken, it still had shelves they could put the food on. All in all, maybe not the best, but they could open! It wasn’t a day of lost revenue, at least.Stiles looked up when he heard the door leading to the lot slam open and within seconds Peter was through the back door and rushing him. Stiles stumbled back in alarm, wondering if he was being attacked, but Peter just grabbed him by the shoulders tightly, nostrils flaring and eyes blue.“You’re injured. Where are you injured?!”“I’m fine,” he insisted, a little worried. He’d never seen Peter like this before. It was kind of scary. “I cut myself on some glass when I climbed into the store,” he insisted, motioning the window in question. His dad and Tara had helped him put some plastic up before they left to try and help with the cold coming in. It didn’t do much, but at least it blocked out the wind, for the most part.“You should call my dad, he’s been trying to reach you about the place. You’ll probably have to go down to the station at some point.”Peter didn’t seem to be listening. Great.“The place looks pretty good, considering,” Boyd said from behind Peter. Stiles noticed Derek was there, too. He looked surly and tired.And annoyed.Awesome.“How long have you been here?” Peter demanded.“I don’t know, since like, one?”“What?!”Stiles winced when he felt claws against his shoulders, but they didn’t break through his skin. Peter calmed himself down before that happened, hands still tight on Stiles’ shoulders. Then he pulled him into a hug, which, okay, weird. Stiles wasn’t sure what was going on.After a few awkward seconds, Peter pulled away and turned to assess the damage. Boyd wandered over and gave Stiles a one-armed hug, saying he was glad he was okay. Derek just stayed by the back door, looking surly.“I did what I could,” Stiles said while the others looked around at the damage. “One of the coffee machines still works, and the pastries in the back are fine, too. You can open for the day in a to-go capacity so you don’t lose out on revenue.”“Is that why you cleaned up?” Derek asked.Stiles honestly hadn’t been sure at first that it was him who spoke, because he’d never heard Derek sound anything but condescending and snappy before. And while he still looked surly and unhappy, his tone was kinder than Stiles had ever heard it before.“Well, yeah,” Stiles insisted with a shrug. “I had no plans for today, and I figured if I could at least get the place organized enough to serve customers, it was a win. No point in losing out on business because a bunch of assholes are speciesist.”Derek just stared at him like he was a puzzle he was trying to solve, but Stiles turned back to Boyd and Peter when they began to speak in low tones. Eventually, Boyd pulled out his phone and called Erica, and Peter came over to tell him to head home and get some sleep. He squeezed his shoulder tightly in thanks before releasing him and Stiles picked up his bat and coffee while heading for the door, promising he’d pay for the coffee when he worked the following day.Peter told him to take his money and shove it up his ass which, okay, was both nice and kind of rude.Boyd and Derek had to wrestle the gate off the front door to get it open. The two of them had to work together because they were trying not to break it, but it was misshapen which was making it hard to operate. They ended up getting it though, and Stiles left the store with a small wave, starting for the Jeep—thankfully paid parking wasn’t in effect. He opened the back to toss his bat in there, and when he started to head for the front, Derek was beside the door with one hand held out.“Keys.”“Excuse me?”“Give me your keys,” he said impatiently. “You’re in no condition to drive.”“I’m feeling fine, actually.”“Give me your keys,” he ordered, eyes flashing.Stiles found his hand moving without his consent, dropping his keys into Derek’s. Derek gave him a weird look, but then just opened the driver’s door and climbed behind the wheel.It chaffed. No one was allowed to drive his Jeep, not even Scott, and Stiles wasn’t exactly happy about the first person doing so being Derek. But, he was too tired to argue, so he obediently climbed into the passenger seat and buckled himself in.It actually ended up being a good thing Derek drove, because Stiles passed out not even a minute out, and only woke up when he heard the driver’s door slam. He looked out the windshield and saw his house, rubbing his face with both hands and undoing his seatbelt, opening the door in time for Derek to reach him, holding the keys out once more.“Thanks,” he muttered, climbing out of the car and slamming the door. “How’re you gonna get back?”“I have legs,” Derek said dryly.Stiles was too tired to deal with his attitude, so he just muttered another thanks and headed for the house, disappearing through the door.He didn’t want to take a shower, but he felt like he should given the night he’d had. He peeled the bandages off his arm, and winced while shampooing his hair, because his fingers caught on the injury he had there. He fingered it for a few seconds, because he was masochistic apparently, and was glad that it was just a small cut. He heard head wounds bled a lot, which explained why the water turned pink. He was just hoping it wouldn’t stain his pillow.Once out of the shower, Stiles stumbled to his room in his boxers, grabbing some sweats and a random shirt before dressing quickly and falling onto his bed.He was pretty sure he was unconscious before his head even hit the pillow.He didn’t even think about the coffee he’d forgotten in the Jeep.Things were... weird after the incident with the coffeeshop. It had been cleaned up exceptionally quickly, given Stiles had done so much of the work before the wolves had even arrived. But it was more than that.By the time he worked his morning shift on Sunday, the broken machine had been repaired, some of the windows had already been replaced, and all the damaged furniture had been removed to make room for new furniture.It was almost like nothing had happened, and Stiles was kind of glad for it because it meant the assholes were in jail and this hadn’t even affected the Hale pack all that much.But it wasn’t the shop that was weird.It was Derek.It wasn’t that he’d changed, not really. It was more that he was... less. Less angry, less scowly, less rude. He still didn’t talk to Stiles, and he still peeled out of the lot whenever their shifts were done, but he wasn’t as much of a dick as he used to be. If anything, he mostly pretended Stiles wasn’t there.The only times Stiles ever really saw Derek was when Matt came by—which he did often, unfortunately. They were now on winter break from school so Matt tended to stop in for some of his gross tea-coffee hybrid and linger at the counter while Stiles worked.It was very evident—to literally everyone but Matt, apparently, since even some of the other regulars in the shop had come to his rescue—that Stiles was not interested, but Matt didn’t seem like he could take a hint. He figured it was rich-boy syndrome, unable to see what was right in front of his eyes because Matt was so rich he usually always got what he wanted.Stiles was almost happy when Peter closed the shop for two weeks because it meant an escape from him—and kind of Derek, though he minded him less now. Apparently Peter was trying to be sure he was inclusive in his time off, since not everyone celebrated just Christmas—in his pack, they celebrated three different holidays, though Hanukkah had been earlier in December this year, but Stiles still thought it was nice he was conscious of it. Apparently Isaac had gotten Hanukkah off, so he was getting double the time off from work given the shop’s closure.One of the pack members celebrated Kwanzaa, which started the day after Christmas this year, and went on until after New Year’s. Stiles found it really cool the pack was so diverse.Though the shop’s closure also meant Stiles had a lot of free time to do nothing, since school was out until the next semester, and thus he had no homework or exams to study for. He and Isaac hung out a lot, and Stiles played some Halo online with Scott, but other than that, he was mostly bored.He ended up going to the mall the day before Christmas, which was a stupid idea considering the mad rush of people there trying to get presents. He just wandered through the large area and people watched, sipping on a Starbucks frappuccino and enjoying the hustle and bustle.At one point, he got distracted watching two women arguing through a store entrance, both of them valiantly trying to tug the end of a board game out of the other’s hands. He was so focussed on them that he jerked when someone grabbed his arm and yanked him to the side, stopping him from walking right into a pillar.“Watch where you’re going.”He knew that voice. He hadn’t heard that voice for days, why was he hearing that voice right now?Stiles turned, positive he was hallucinating, but no. There he was. Right beside him.Derek.Holding his arm.Wait.Stiles looked down at Derek’s hand, which was still wrapped around his bicep.Derek was touching him.Derek was actually touching him. Had he fallen into an alternate dimension or something?When he looked up into Derek’s face, he was scowling, as per usual. But he still hadn’t let go of Stiles’ arm.“Thanks,” he said uncertainly, pulling the straw of his drink from between his lips.Derek seemed to realize he was still holding his arm and quickly released him. “Watch where you’re going,” he repeated.“Yeah, no, I was just...” Stiles motioned behind him and frowned when he saw Derek holding a bag from Victoria’s Secret. “Uh, girlfriend?”“No, it’s for Erica.”Stiles had to be hallucinating. “I’m sorry, what?”Derek’s scowl deepened. “Erica.”“Dude, you cannot be serious! You can’t just buy a girl something from Victoria’s Secret unless she’s your girlfriend! What the hell is wrong with you?! I mean, what did you get Boyd?”Derek shifted his weight uncomfortably. “Haven’t gotten that far yet.”Stiles stared at him. “Are you serious? Who do you have gifts for so far?”“Erica.”Oh boy. Stiles might not like him very much, but there was just something in him that was determined to save this poor, poor little man from himself because he was clearly in way over his head right now.Stiles turned to toss his mostly finished drink out and then faced Derek again, pointing back the way he’d come. “We’re returning whatever atrocity it is you bought for your friend’s girlfriend right now. Not cool, dude. You don’t buy underwear for a friend’s girlfriend.”“She’s my friend, too,” Derek muttered. “And part of my pack.”“I don’t care! Dude, there are rules! You realize this will make everyone involved uncomfortable, right? Jesus, this is terrible. Come on, let’s go. We’re returning it.”“And then what?” Derek snapped, not budging. “I have no other ideas!”“Dude.” Stiles motioned himself. “I got this. Trust me. Come on.”He wasn’t brave enough to grab at Derek, so he just grabbed at the bag instead. It was follow Stiles, or break the bag, so Derek ended up sighing heavily and turned to follow him.They made it back to the store—which was mayhem, good Lord!—and Stiles sweet-talked the lady behind the till into giving Derek a refund. Once that was done, he immediately dragged him across the mall to Sephora where Stiles grabbed a small basket and proceeded to grab everything his brain could remember about Erica’s makeup woes.He’d been working with her for months, and he was pretty good at remembering useless things. She complained about them always being out of her favourite lipstick—which was currently in stock—and how she could never decide between two of their more expensive purple eyeshadows—which Stiles just grabbed one of each of—and how much she needed a new curling iron—which they actually sold in a makeup store, for some reason.They checked out at the front, the total a little daunting, but only slightly more than the lingerie had cost so Stiles didn’t worry about it.Once they were done there, Stiles dragged Derek to the store a few shops down—actually dragged him this time, because Derek seemed stuck in his perpetual ‘why is this happening to me?’ state and the mall would close eventually! It was the holidays, it was going to close early, too!Isaac was easy, because he always bemoaned how expensive nice coats were, as well as fashionable scarves and sweaters in general. Apparently he didn’t run as hot as the others for a Werewolf, so Stiles just pulled Derek around the store and pointed out things that he thought Isaac might like. While Derek was perusing the items, Stiles talked to a sales clerk about their return policy, just in case something Derek bought either didn’t fit or wasn’t to Isaac’s liking.They left that store with two coats and eight scarves. Eight was a little much, but Derek hadn’t known which ones to get so he’d just bought one of each that were in the pricier range.Man, having money must be nice.Stiles could only help with the people he knew, so they went to other shops for Boyd and Peter. They got Boyd a new laptop, since he’d been groaning about his old one kicking the bucket for weeks, and Peter some history and recipe books, since he was an avid history lover.The other people in the pack Stiles didn’t really know, but he tried to help Derek as best he could based on information Derek provided. They ended up having to bring some stuff back to Derek’s car when both of their arms were full of bags, but they still had two people left to shop for and the mall would be closing soon. Stiles told him the best course of action was to split up, so he got as much detail as he could about one of the parties and then raced to the puzzle store on the first level to buy a few puzzles and crosswords for them. He didn’t know for sure that this would be a good gift, since he didn’t know the person, but Derek insisted they were really into puzzles. He found a bunch of nice wolf ones and paid for them with some cash Derek had given him.Before heading back, because he was positive Derek hadn’t thought ahead, Stiles stopped in one of the pharmacies literally a split second before they started to close the gate. He promised he’d be quick and hastened to find some wrapping paper, present tags and tape, buying a few rolls along with some gift bags, and thanking the lady for being kind enough to let him finish his purchase.He wished her a happy holiday on his way out, not wanting to say ‘Merry Christmas’ since he didn’t want to assume. Then he headed for the parking lot, since the mall was officially closing.Stiles met up with Derek back at the Camaro and grinned, because he’d been right about him forgetting the wrapping paper.“I suck at wrapping,” Derek muttered while he watched Stiles dump everything into the trunk and slam it shut.“What do you usually do then?”“I just leave everything unwrapped.”Stiles stared at him. “Dude. Uncool.” He sighed and rubbed the back of his neck, then looked around before shrugging. “Well, my night’s free. You can come to mine if you want. Dad’s working, so I was just gonna order pizza and watch Avengers. I’m not bad at gift-wrapping if you want some help.”Derek gave him a weird look, like he didn’t understand what Stiles was doing. “Why?”“Why not?” Stiles shrugged. “Might as well, I got all that wrapping paper.” He started walking backwards then. “Up to you. I don’t mind either way. Open invitation until midnight.”He turned and waved over his shoulder, other hand shoved in the pocket of his coat. He actually felt a little hot, given all the running around he’d been doing, but he knew it wouldn’t last long since the Jeep’s heater was on the fritz again.It took him a few minutes to find his Jeep in the crowded lot, people leaving now that the mall was closed and causing massive amounts of traffic in the area. He wasn’t in a hurry, so he just took his time finding his vehicle, and then slowly made his way out of the lot behind everyone else.He wasn’t disappointed when he got home and found no Derek. He hadn’t expected him to show up. He let himself in and then queued up Avengers while ordering himself pizza. He was in the middle of giving his order, pacing in the living room, when he turned his head and froze.The Camaro was idling at the curb.Derek was literally sitting in the Camaro at the curb, likely debating whether or not to come inside.“Uh, on second thought, can you make that two large pizzas?” Stiles asked, turning away so Derek wouldn’t see him grinning. “Yeah, uh, extra meat on both, please. Thanks.”They confirmed his order and his address, then gave him the total before hanging up. Stiles fell onto his couch and started up the movie, waiting for Derek to decide on what he wanted to do.After half an hour, Stiles figured he wasn’t coming in, but when the doorbell rang—presumably the pizza—and he went to answer it, he found Derek on his doorstep holding the pizzas.“I don’t like owing people any favours, so I paid for the food,” Derek muttered, shoving the boxes at Stiles and scowling. “I’ll get the stuff.”Stiles just rolled his eyes, because Derek couldn’t just be a fucking normal human being. Er, normal Werewolf being? Whatever. He couldn’t be normal.He dropped the pizzas on the coffee table in the living room and went to grab some Cokes out of the fridge, along with napkins and some plates. He also had to hunt down two pairs of scissors, but eventually found them and headed back for the living room with everything.Derek was already sitting on the couch, looking a little overwhelmed with the amount of things around him. Stiles almost laughed, but he didn’t think Derek would appreciate that, so he just fell down beside him and dumped everything he held onto the table barring the plates. He handed one to Derek, then motioned that one of the Cokes was his, and flipped open the pizza.“First we eat, then we work.”Derek just grunted, but he obediently reached for a slice once Stiles had grabbed his own and the two of them sat watching the movie in silence while they ate. Stiles had his legs crossed up on the couch, and his knee was touching Derek’s thigh.Surprisingly, he didn’t get yelled at or maimed. Derek didn’t even move away from him, which was progress from the past few weeks.Once Stiles ate five slices of pizza, he wiped his mouth and hands with his napkin then stood to put his plate in the sink and wash the grease from his fingers. When he returned, he took up residence on the floor and pulled the plastic wrap off one of the rolls of wrapping paper, beginning to size out some presents so he could cut it into more manageable pieces.By the time Derek joined him on the floor, Stiles had wrapped a quarter of the presents, slapping tags on them and occasionally holding out a pen to Derek so he could write down the recipient’s name in his own handwriting.“How do you even know they’re going to like any of this?” Derek demanded as he tried to carefully arrange Erica’s makeup in one of the gift bags Stiles had bought.“Because these are things they want?” Stiles asked, a little confused. “I talk to them a lot. We hang out. I listen when they say they like things.” He shrugged. “They’re my friends. I want them to like what they get, so I pay attention.”“If you helped me with all this, what are you going to get them?” Derek asked with a frown, still trying to ensure the makeup was in order in the bag.“I already got them all something,” Stiles explained. “Well, sort of. I asked them all if they would be okay with me buying them something, since I wasn’t sure given, you know Werewolves and all, but they said they knew I was strapped for cash so they didn’t want anything. I figured if I just made them stuff, it wasn’t going to cost me anything, so I did that instead.”“You made them stuff?” Derek asked, as if unable to believe Stiles were artistic.“Hey man, I am a master craftsman, okay!” He put the scissors down and got to his feet. “Wait here.”Stiles ran up to his room to grab the various presents he’d made and then headed back to the living room with them. Derek was still working on the gift bag, and Stiles assumed he was a little intimidated by how well the other presents were wrapped and was trying not to wrap any himself. Stiles didn’t mind, he was having fun wrapping all the gifts.He set a large square piece of wood against the wall and motioned it in a ‘ta-dah!’ way once it was visible. He’d bought some scrap pieces of wood from the hardware store for next to nothing and glued them all together. Then he’d stained them and painted a large logo of Boyd’s favourite Lacrosse team. He kept whining that his walls were bare and he wanted some colour in his and Erica’s part of the house, so Stiles had gone for this.“You did that?” Derek asked, sounding surprised.“Yup. Took me about seventeen hours, but I think it turned out okay.” He looked over at it and grinned, proud of himself. “This is for Erica.”He handed over a thick book, his hand aching just holding it. Derek took it and began to flip through it, looking even more surprised than he had upon seeing the painting.“Are these recipes?”“Yeah, for baked goods. I know Peter’s the chef of the house, but Erica loves baking. I have a lot of leftover recipe books from my mom, some of which are family recipes and some are just ones she made up, or even found in books or online.”“And you sat down and wrote out an entire book of recipes by hand?” Derek asked, giving him a weird look.“Well, yeah. I couldn’t print them, that would just look bad glued into the book. So I wrote them all out. Took forever, but it was worth it. There’s an entire section of chocolate in there, so expect to eat a lot of that in the new year.” He grinned and took the book back, making sure it closed properly without bending any pages. “Isaac’s was kind of a joint thing with Erica. He wants to start a fashion blog for fun, but he’s kind of useless at the whole website thing. Erica bought a domain for him and I made it all fancy and pretty. I’m going to teach him how to use it once the holidays are over, so he just gets a card explaining his present.”Derek nodded slowly. “And Peter?”“Oh, his was easy. He keeps raving about this book he had when he was a kid that’s out of print and he’s desperately searching for.” Stiles grinned. “Turns out my dad had a copy stored up in the attic. I asked him if I could give it away and he said yes, so his present’s been ready for months.”“Oh.” Derek looked like he didn’t even know what to say. Like he had no idea Stiles had thought that far ahead about people in his pack, when Derek himself had been clueless and scrambling to figure out what to get them the day before Christmas.Stiles hesitated, then said, “I uh, I got you something, too. You know, since we work together all the time. But I can’t tell you what it is, because then it’s not a surprise.”Derek looked like Stiles had slapped him. “What?”“You don’t—I mean, it’s cool if you don’t want it. I just figured it’d be nice to give you something, too.” Stiles shrugged. “Hey, since you’re here anyway, when we’re done wrapping your gifts, can I quickly wrap mine up for your pack and have you bring them back with you? It’ll just save me having to bring them to work since I can’t very well drop them off at your place. You know, since I have no idea where you guys all live.”Derek was still just staring at him, but Stiles took it as confirmation anyway and sat back down to continue wrapping presents.He did most of the paper wrappings. Derek seemed more comfortable with the bags, but even then he went extremely slowly, like he was debating whether or not things should go in bags or get wrapped up. They made good time, considering the amount of gifts, and once they were done with Derek’s, Stiles began wrapping his gifts for the pack, slapping a tag on them and scrawling out everyone’s names accordingly, with his own underneath as the sender.Boyd’s was by far the hardest to wrap, but he just ended up having Derek hold it and he wrapped a full roll of paper around it. It was good enough, wasn’t like Boyd would have any idea what it was until he took the wrapping off, anyway.Stiles went to his room to quickly wrap Derek’s gift while the other man took things out to the car. He hadn’t really known what to get Derek, and his was actually the only present Stiles spent more than twenty bucks on.It was an idea book. Not to say Derek needed help with ideas, but it was something that was meant to help writers keep their inspiration. It had three-hundred and sixty-five pages of ideas, with blank lines beneath them to have the individual write out a short story. Stiles had thought it might be neat, and he hoped Derek at least appreciated it, even if he didn’t like it. Though he acknowledged that it meant Derek would know someone in the pack had admitted he was a writer.When he returned downstairs, Derek was standing in the living room, looking awkward and uncomfortable. Stiles just beamed at him and held out the last present, Derek staring at it exceptionally hard before finally taking it.“I hope you guys have a great holiday season,” Stiles said. “Tell the others that too for me, okay?”Derek just nodded once, muttered what could’ve been thanks, and left the house as quickly as he could. Stiles just rolled his eyes.He really didn’t get that guy, but at least they’d spent a relatively fun day together. Derek hadn’t snapped at him once barring when he’d told him to watch where he was going.“Progress,” Stiles decided, grabbing a remaining slice of now-cold pizza and taking a bite of it while pulling his phone out to text Scott. “It’s progress.”The coffeeshop opened again on the second day of classes in January. Stiles was working the first shift back with Boyd, which was a change from usual, but he definitely didn’t mind.He got a massive bearhug from him for the present, which had been a bit of a shock, since Boyd had never actually hugged him before, but not unpleasant. He was also given his gift from Boyd, which was a Star Wars themed messenger bag. He immediately gushed about it to every regular he saw, going so far as to wear it around the shop while working because it was so fucking awesome.When Erica and Isaac showed up for the evening shift, he got more presents that almost had him lose his shit. Erica had bought him some tickets to see a live Broadway show of Star Wars in San Francisco in the summer. Stiles didn’t even know that was a fucking thing, but apparently it was!Isaac had been almost offended when he’d handed over his present, but that was because he probably thought it was a fashion faux-pas given it was a bunch of Star Wars graphic T-shirts. Stiles felt like he must’ve really talked up his love for Star Wars in the few months they’d known one another.Erica also had Stiles’ present from Peter, which was a book of puns that he was eager to devour and memorize to torture everyone with.“Of all the Christmas books I’ve ever received, my favourite is this one from Peter. There is no tome like the present.”That had Erica groaning immediately. “Peter is enabling your horrible addiction. Seriously, I’ve never wanted to commit murder so much for punning until I met you.”“Aw,” Stiles said with a grin. “Erica! Thanks a latte for being my friend.”“You’re on thin ice,” she insisted dryly, eyes flashing yellow, and Stiles laughed.“So rumour has it you’re responsible for people getting, not only wrapped gifts this year, but decent ones, as well,” Isaac said, moving towards the back room to remove his coat. Stiles realized it was one of the new ones Derek had bought him, and was actually a little surprised Derek would’ve admitted to them that Stiles had helped out. “True or false?”“I couldn’t help it!” Stiles insisted, looking back over at Boyd and Erica. “He just looked so lost and confused. He bought Erica lingerie! Lingerie!”Erica made a face at that and Boyd snorted once in amusement.“I had to save him from himself. And then he told me he doesn’t wrap gifts! I had to help him, it was my duty as a human being to help him. So I did.”“He still hasn’t opened his present from you,” Boyd admitted. “Says he doesn’t feel right opening it until he gets something for you.”Stiles frowned at that. “Why? I didn’t get it for him expecting something in return.”“He knows that.” Boyd shrugged. “I guess he just feels uncomfortable about it. He doesn’t like owing people anything.”Stiles just rolled his eyes, because that was the stupidest thing he’d ever heard, but he didn’t argue it. If Derek was going to angst about it, nothing anyone said was going to stop him so Stiles figured as long as Derek didn’t go overboard, it was fine.The four of them chatted for a bit while Erica counted down the till for the evening shift, and then he and Boyd went down the street to have dinner together. He told Stiles all about how their holiday season went, and how everyone was honestly surprised and pleased with all the gifts Derek had bought them.Poor guy had been a little overwhelmed because people weren’t usually that thrilled for any presents he got them. That made Stiles feel a little sad, but also really pleased. He was glad that he’d bumped into Derek in the mall and had ended up bullying him into buying decent presents for the people he cared about.Stiles went home that evening feeling particularly good about himself and slept extremely well that night. When he woke up in the morning, he and his dad went out for breakfast in town since they didn’t get to spend much time together, then Stiles dicked around on the computer until it was time to head to work.He walked in to find Derek counting down the till, which was new, because usually Boyd or Erica did that since they wanted to get the hell out of there pronto. But for the first time since walking into the coffeeshop during Derek’s presence there, things felt... good.Normal. Kind of pleasant.“Hey Derek.”Derek glanced up at him, and while he didn’t say hello, he at least grunted, which was more acknowledgement than Stiles had gotten from him in the past. Stiles grinned, pleased with this development, and went to the back to take off his coat and shove his new bag into his locker.Isaac was still there changing out, but Boyd had already left since he had a movie date with Erica.Stiles and Isaac spoke for a bit, making plans for their next shared day off, and then Isaac waved on his way out the exit at the back towards the lot. Stiles pushed through the swinging door to take his place at the till, Derek at the end of the counter scowling at the schedule. He was scribbling things out and drawing arrows, and Stiles had to wonder what he was doing. He didn’t dwell on it though, he just smiled at the next patron who walked in.“Welcome to A Howling Good Coffee, what can I get you?” he asked, feeling like today was going to be a good day.When one of the regulars came in, he actually handed Stiles a present—a gift card for the comic book store down the street. Stiles was a little floored, but the guy just said that Stiles always did his job with a smile on his face, and it made such a difference for people who needed that. While he wasn’t sure he understood entirely, he could tell he’d obviously made a huge difference in this man’s life by being himself, and that felt really good.“Thank you so much,” he said sincerely. And, because he couldn’t help it, he added, “You mocha me so happy to hear that.”The guy laughed, patted the counter once, and then left with his drink—which was, ironically, a mocha.At the end of the evening, when they closed up shop, Stiles was heading for the back room to grab the mop so he could clean the floors when Derek stood in his path, stopping him from going any further.“This is for you.” He pulled something out from behind him and held it out to Stiles. It was probably the worst wrapping job Stiles had ever seen in his life, but he didn’t care.Because Derek had wrapped it. For him.“Thanks Derek.” He took it and offered him his best smile. “You really didn’t have to do this for me, you know. I didn’t get you the gift so that you would return the favour.”“I wanted to,” he muttered, not sounding like he’d wanted to at all. “It’s a thank you for helping with the shopping.”“No thanks necessary, big guy.” Stiles slapped him in the arm before he could stop himself, but was gratified not to get scowled at for it.Derek didn’t seem to know what else to say, so he just pushed open the door and motioned for Stiles to go. Which he did, wandering into the back room and putting the wrapped gift into his locker with his bag. He was excited to see what it was, but wanted to finish work first.He mopped the floors, then cleaned the machines and the bathroom before he was done. Derek came out of the office while Stiles was pulling on his coat, and they left the shop together, like they always did. Derek was in his Camaro and gone before Stiles had even reached the Jeep, as usual.Stiles paused on his way there to dig into his bag for the present, wanting to know what it was, but froze when he felt a blade pressed against the base of his spine.“Give me your wallet.”Seriously? His day had been going so well, too.“Okay, let’s be cool,” Stiles said, slowly reaching for his pocket. “It’s all good.”He pulled his wallet out of his pocket as slowly as he could and held it up over his shoulder. The guy’s free hand shot out to grab it, and a few seconds later, he felt that same hand wrap around the strap of his bag.“Give me the bag, too.”“Look man, there’s nothing–there’s nothing in the bag. It’s just my work clothes and a present I got from my coworker.”The guy tugged harder, pressing the knife a little more firmly into his back.“I said give it to me.”Stiles knew it was stupid. He knew it was just a bag. It was just clothes. It was just a present.But the bag was from Boyd, and he had a gift in there from Derek, and the guy already had his wallet so why was he trying to take his bag, too?He twisted and elbowed the guy in the gut.Thankfully he didn’t get a knife to the spine for it, but he also wasn’t the best fighter, so while he managed to force the guy to drop his weapon, he still got punched in the face at least six times, and kicked in the stomach about a bazillion times, from the feel of things—okay, maybe just like, eight or nine times, but it felt like a bazillion.They were both wrestling on the ground, Stiles struggling to get the guy’s weight off him and seeing stars from all the blows to his face. It was hard to breathe, like a few ribs had cracked, and he was positive he wasn’t going to win this battle when someone shouted loudly from his left.The guy on top of him leapt to his feet and ran, Stiles only slightly mollified with the knowledge that he still had his bag and the moron had dropped Stiles’ wallet.Two sets of feet raced towards Stiles, an unknown older gentleman bending down in front of him, one hand clutching his shoulder tightly.“Son, are you okay?”He could hear the woman he’d been with calling the police and Stiles just groaned, knowing his dad was going to be the one to show up the second they mentioned the address. Just what he needed right now.Stiles felt sore, but he didn’t think he had any serious injuries. The guy helped him to his feet and walked him slowly to the front of the Jeep so he could sit down. Stiles winced and wrapped one arm around his ribs, the other still being held by the man, as if worried Stiles was going to topple over.When the cruiser arrived with the lights flashing, Stiles was relieved to see Parrish behind the wheel. He didn’t know if his dad was working tonight or not, but maybe he wasn’t, and thank God for that.Parrish’s partner got the couple’s statement while Parrish himself looked Stiles over and asked him what happened. Unfortunately, neither the couple nor Stiles had seen much of his attacker, so it would be impossible to get a positive ID on him.Stiles made Parrish promise not to call his dad just yet, because he knew he would panic. It took some doing, but he eventually agreed, though only if Stiles went to Emergency. He agreed, though was annoyed about it, and climbed into the back of the cruiser.Parrish went in with him to sign him in, but he only stayed until Melissa was free and then left Stiles with her. She looked him over ahead of most of the other people waiting—which Stiles felt guilty about, but well, he was her son’s best friend and the sheriff’s kid, so it was bound to happen.After almost two hours in the hospital, he left with a diagnosis of a concussion and three bruised ribs, along with massive amounts of bruising on his face. He knew his dad would hear about this at the station in the morning, so Stiles wrote out a letter on his computer when he got home, printed it, and slipped it under his dad’s door.It was mostly just him repeating that he was fine, Parrish had taken care of his statement, he was fine, Melissa had checked him out, he was fine, he was really tired and wanted to sleep, and he was fine. He was hoping his dad wouldn’t come into his room to speak to him, hence the comment about really needing sleep. He didn’t want his dad to see how bad it was, he wanted the bruising to go down a bit, first.School was going to be super fun in the morning.As predicted, school was the best part of his day. Of course, that statement was dripping with sarcasm, because Stiles spent a majority of the day with his hood pulled up over his head and his face lowered. People kept staring at him. And not even subtly, either, just full-on staring. Like they’d never seen someone lose a fight before.Scott had been horrified when they’d done FaceTime between two of Stiles’ classes, and had abruptly hung up before calling back on the phone. Stiles didn’t understand why he was calling him back as opposed to sticking to FaceTime, but he did notice that Scott sounded weird. He sounded... growlier? And his words were a little slurred. Obviously he was pissed as hell that Stiles was so badly hurt, but honestly, it looked way worse than it felt and he told Scott so.Not to say he wasn’t in pain, because he was, but it definitely looked worse than it felt.He also realized while he was sitting in his second class of the day that he hadn’t opened Derek’s present. He only remembered it when he dug into his bag for his notebook and his hand closed around the wrapped gift. He didn’t want to open it just yet, because he was in class, but he knew he had to know what it was before his shift with Derek later.Though his shift was going to be a problem, because by the time he left class, he felt uncomfortable with how many stares he was getting and didn’t know if he could handle an entire evening of them at the shop. But he wasn’t sick, so he didn’t want to call in, and while he was in a fair amount of pain, it wasn’t so bad he felt like he couldn’t work.Eventually, when he got home, he sighed and texted Erica.[Stiles]
hey you have makeup with you right?
[Stiles]
at work i meanStiles had just taken a seat at his desk with Derek’s present, ready to open it, when he got a response.[Erica]
of course I do
[Erica]
what am I, a savage?[Stiles]
can you stick around until i get there?
[Stiles]
i need your magical expertise[Erica]
??????
[Erica]
something you need to tell me?
[Erica]
because if you’re entering a drag race or something
[Erica]
Isaac and I need to be involved in the outfit choice[Stiles]
you’ll be the first to know if i do
[Stiles]
thanks erica[Erica]
mmhm.
[Erica]
see you soonStiles tossed his phone back onto his desk, wincing because he should probably stop tossing it around in case the screen cracked. With the Erica side of his day done, he pulled the present over and again stared down at the atrocious wrapping job.No wonder Derek never wrapped his gifts, he truly was horrible at it. But the thing about gift-wrapping was that it didn’t matter how bad someone was, what mattered was the thought behind it. Yes, Derek sucked, and he knew he sucked, but he’d still wrapped Stiles’ present which made this the best wrapping job on the planet, in his opinion.It took him a little bit to convince himself to unwrap it, mostly because it felt precious somehow. A wrapped gift from Derek Hale. But, he wanted to know what it was, so he slowly tore through the tape and pulled the paper off.It was a book, which he’d already surmised based on the shape, but it wasn’t until he flipped it around that he realized just what book it was.Derek’s detective series was due for another instalment in February—not that Stiles had the date circled or anything, of course not—but obviously Derek always got a few advance copies.And Stiles was holding one of them. Stiles was holding a copy of Derek’s new book, that wasn’t even available to the general public.On the downside, it meant someone had blabbed to Derek about Stiles being a fan—probably Isaac, the traitor—but on the upside Stiles had the next book!Oh God, he was liable to tackle hug Derek for this!He quickly checked the time, figuring he had a few minutes to at least start it and flipped to the first page.He paused on the cover page, because there, in neat black print, was a message.Stiles,
 Thank you for your support.
 I hope you enjoy it.
 Michael Wolfe.Everyone knew Michael Wolfe, aka Derek Hale, didn’t do signings. He didn’t do signings, or prints with his autograph, or offer anything at all with his signature on it. He wrote books, and that was that.But Stiles was now holding an advance copy of his next book, with a handwritten personalized message, and a fucking autograph. Stiles was probably the only person outside of the pack who had this and he was now so, so, so thankful he hadn’t let his bag get stolen last night.He realized he’d been sitting there for too long staring incredulously and he now had to go if he wanted Erica to do his make-up before his shift. Hastily grabbing his things, but leaving the oh-so-precious book on his desk, he hurried to the door and left the house, regretting his over-eager jump into the Jeep when his ribs protested something fierce.Right. Injured. In his jubilation he’d forgotten he was injured.He drove carefully to the shop, not sure why he was being careful, but wanting to—he didn’t know. Not get in an accident? He made it there in plenty of time, and since Erica was the shift lead on duty, it would be fine for her to be in the back doing his makeup while her shift finished.Stiles normally went through the front door out of habit. Even when he had the Jeep, he generally went through the front unless it was snowing or raining, so it was kind of weird for him to park beside Derek’s Camaro, and then step out and head for the back door when the sun was shining and the wind wasn’t too biting. He pulled it open with a bit of difficulty, since it didn’t have a handle and Stiles had to use the key to get it open, then stepped into the back room.It was empty, which wasn’t unusual, given Isaac and Erica were likely both in the front. He assumed Derek was in the office.Walking to the small lockers, he shoved his bag into it, shrugged out of his coat, then let out a slow breath and said, “Erica, I’m here.”He knew she would hear him, she was a Werewolf, after all.Stiles went to sit down on one of the chairs to wait on her, and ten seconds later, the back door swung open. Erica was grinning when she walked through it, but the expression died on her face and she froze, one hand still pushing the door open and eyes locked on his face.“Oh my God!” she blurted out, rushing him so quickly he worried she’d slam into him, but she stopped right in front of him and crouched to get a better look at him, her eyes wide and flashing gold angrily. “What happened?!”He hadn’t even opened his mouth to explain anything and the back door slammed open again, Isaac in the doorway looking worried, and then furious. Stiles also heard the office door open and glanced over to find Derek there, red eyes locked on him and a growl rumbling up from his chest.All three of them looked more animal than human in that moment and Stiles worried about them going ape-shit on—he didn’t even know. Evidently not him, but someone.“I’m fine,” he blurted out insistently, looking between them all before settling on Erica. “It’s nothing, I’m okay, I promise. I swear, it’s not as bad as it looks.”“What happened?!” Erica demanded again, starting to reach out for his face before stopping herself, looking ten different kinds of pissed.Stiles shifted uncomfortably. “I uh, I got mugged.”“You got mugged?!” Isaac demanded furiously, looking ready to murder someone. It was actually quite startling, because Isaac was like an angelic cherub in Stiles’ eyes, so seeing him this murderous was a little uncomfortable.“When?” Derek demanded, voice more of a growl than anything.Stiles winced, rubbing the back of his neck and glancing over at Derek. “Um, last night. After, you know...”Derek’s eyes seemed to be glowing now, the red almost painful to look at. Stiles shifted his gaze away away, focussing back on Erica, who looked furious and wounded all at once. Like Stiles’ pain was something she could physically feel now that she could see it.Stiles was actually starting to feel pissed off himself, though he wasn’t sure why. He supposed their anger was just making him angry this had happened, too. He hated that someone had gotten the jump on him, and was determined to ensure it never happened again.“I’m fine, I swear,” he repeated, trying to calm himself down so he didn’t accidentally snap at anyone. He had no idea why he was getting so angry right now. “It’s just... I got a lot of looks at school today,” he admitted uncomfortably. “I didn’t want that at work, too. I was just hoping—It’s a little jarring, you know? It’s really in your face. I was hoping makeup might tone it down a little bit.”“Stiles, you shouldn’t be here,” Erica insisted. Which, okay, was nice, but also insulting because Stiles wasn’t a weakling. Yes, he was human, and he was in pain, but he could still do his job!“Yeah,” Isaac agreed. “I can cover your shift, it’s totally fine.”“No, no!” Stiles waved one hand. “I swear, I’m okay. It doesn’t even hurt.”Which was a lie, and he probably should’ve thought of that before speaking those words in a room of Werewolves. All of them stiffened, and he knew some kind of body signal had proven to them he wasn’t telling the truth.Erica reached out for his wrist, and at first he didn’t understand, but when he glanced down he saw that black lines were slowly sliding beneath her skin, working their way up her arm. And even as he watched, he realized that the dull ache in his face and the sharper pain in his ribs was ebbing. Within seconds, the pain was completely gone and he just stared down incredulously at Erica’s hand.People knew things about Werewolves, of course they did, but the wolves were all very private. Kept to themselves. Didn’t share more than people needed to know. He had no idea that they could do something like this, take away his pain, make it feel like his injuries were gone.He looked back up into Erica’s face, stunned, and saw her lips downturned unhappily.“Liar,” she said softly.Stiles kept staring at her for a long while, then blurted out, “Well, I’m fine now!” He glanced back down at her hand, still around his wrist. “What did you do? That’s amazing!”“Stiles,” she scolded, and he remembered they were still trying to convince him to go home.He deflated slightly, wincing. “Look, my dad’s gonna freak out it—”“You didn’t tell your dad?!” Derek demanded angrily from the office door.Stiles gave him an unimpressed look. “What am I, an idiot? Of course I told my dad. I might have just—downplayed how beat up I got. He knows as much as he needs to, and I told Parrish the whole thing. He brought me to the hospital to get checked out, so I’m perfectly fine. I just... I didn’t want my dad to worry. If you send me home, he’s gonna know it was serious and he doesn’t need that kind of stress. It’s just coffee, I can handle making coffee. I just need to not look like this.” He motioned his face and looked back at Erica. “Please?”She turned to glance at Derek, so Stiles did, too. He looked pissed, back ramrod straight, arms crossed and tense, and his jaw set in a hard line. He was watching Stiles intently, like he was assessing the damage and trying to determine how he felt. His eyes finally shifted to Erica and he gave the smallest of nods.Sighing, she turned back to Stiles. “You are going to be the death of me.”She reached back for another chair, dragging it closer so she could sit, then grabbed her bag out of her locker on her left, pulling makeup out of it and beginning to try and match concealer, holding various different shades up to his face before discarding a majority of them and testing others against the inside of his wrist. Stiles had to wonder why she had so many, but he didn’t ask.Derek disappeared back into the office, and Isaac went back to the front. Erica began working on Stiles a few minutes later, once she was satisfied with the colours she had.Makeup felt kind of gross and weird. It was all... kind of wet against his face, and when it dried, it felt chalky and uncomfortable. Like his face would crack through it if he moved any of his muscles.He knew it would probably hold up against his grins and usual expressions, because girls wore this stuff all the time and it was fine, but it still felt weird against his skin.Erica was still working on him when Derek exited the office to go count down Isaac’s till. He returned a few minutes later when she was putting on the finishing touches, pausing to look over her head at him.“Look okay?” Stiles asked.“It’ll do,” Derek grunted, then continued on his way to the office.When Erica was done, Stiles checked himself out in the bathroom mirror, and was a little startled at what he found. The makeup was a touch too dark for his skin tone, so that it looked like he’d gotten a bad tan job, but his bruises were almost entirely covered up. One along his nose was still peeking out through the concealer, but only just, he doubted anyone would notice unless they were staring at him with the intention of seeing the injury.He got his apron on and went out to the front to relieve Isaac, cracking jokes and making puns with customers as they walked in, just like usual.Erica and Isaac were sticking around longer than they normally did, but Stiles didn’t mind. It was nice they were worried. Though he felt... antsy. Uncomfortable? No, just... he felt really on edge. High strung, maybe. Like something was wrong. Something was really bothering him, but he didn’t really understand what it was. And angry. He kept getting bursts of anger, but he was thinking about the previous night, so it kind of made sense, he supposed.An hour into his shift, Erica and Isaac were still hanging out in the back, Derek at the front with him working on various mundane things and glancing up sharply every time someone walked in.One of the people who walked in was Boyd, and at first Stiles thought maybe the others had told him what had happened, but it became clear they hadn’t when he approached Stiles and asked why he was wearing makeup.His eyes shifted to the back door then, one of the others obviously telling him something, and he moved around the counter and into the back room. A few minutes later, the antsy feeling Stiles had went up a couple notches and the rage returned. He shook out his hands and shifted his weight a few times, then started pacing while doing as much of his job as he could, trying to calm himself down.Two hours into his shift, Peter walked in, snapping something at Derek about bothering him even though Stiles knew Derek hadn’t called him or made any move to touch base with him at all. Derek just glared back at him and motioned the back room before the two of them disappeared through the door.Being left alone was something of a relief, but Stiles was still feeling antsy and uncomfortable, and it only seemed to be getting worse as his shift progressed, random bouts of rage hitting him and an inexplicable anxiousness settling over him. He tried for smiles and his usual cheer whenever people walked in, but it felt like he’d taken four shots of espresso and he was seriously considering going to run around the block a few times to get rid of this extra nervous energy.And then, because things couldn’t possibly get any worse, his dad walked in.Because of course he did.“Hi dad,” Stiles said cheerfully, trying to move away from the front counter a little bit, putting more space between them. “You just get off shift? Want some coffee? I’ve bean waiting to serve you since my first day here. Huh? Huh?” He grinned, knowing his dad would get it, and hoping he’d just chortle at the pun, insist he was just checking in, and then leave.No dice. He leaned forward on the front counter, elbows on the hard surface and hands clasped together.“Rumour has it,” he said, eying Stiles with extreme scrutiny, and it made him feel like the makeup was doing nothing against his dad’s laser vision, “you were mugged last night.”“It’s not a rumour if I’m the one who tells you about it, dad.” Stiles rolled his eyes. “Remember? The note?”“I remember,” he said, still staring exceptionally hard. “I remember reading that someone tried to steal your wallet, and you let them have it, but when they went for your bag you fought back and a nice couple came to help you chase your attacker off. You know what I don’t remember reading in your note? The beating you got before the couple showed up.”Damn Parrish, always brownnosing.“Do I look beat up to you?” Stiles asked with a laugh, motioning his face.“You look like you’re wearing a pound of makeup to me,” his father shot back. “You also look like someone who forgets that Melissa and I have lunch on occasion and she told me that your ribs were bruised and you should be taking it easy for the next couple of days.”Damn Melissa! Why was everyone out to get him?“Dad, it’s really not that bad. I’m perfectly fine,” he insisted. “Besides, I get mugged all the time. You know, stealing someone’s coffee is called a mugging.” He raised both eyebrows, trying for a smile, but his father still had his serious face on so he deflated. “Dad, I’m okay. It doesn’t even hurt anymore. And it’s just coffee. I can make coffee.”Before his dad could say anything else, the back door opened and Derek walked out, coming up right beside Stiles, so close they were almost touching.“Sheriff,” he said with a polite nod. “I’m Derek Hale.”“I know who you are, son.” His father’s expression softened ever so slightly, obviously remembering things about Derek and his family.“This won’t happen again,” Derek promised. “It shouldn’t have happened at all, but it won’t happen again.”His dad looked a little surprised, glancing between Derek and Stiles before nodding once. “Thank you. My son is very important to me.”“He is important to all of us.”Stiles gave Derek a weird look at that, because Derek barely tolerated him on a good day, let alone cared about him. But then... he had gone all red-eyed angry Alpha when Stiles had told them all what happened. Maybe he was chipping away at Derek’s assholeness bit by bit. Stiles was pretty stubborn, but Derek was heavily armoured. It was like trying to beat away at a metal suit of armour with a regular hammer. He supposed even the hammer would win out eventually, so maybe his hammer had started denting the armour a bit.For a few seconds, no one said anything, then Derek’s back straightened and his eyes flashed red, and Stiles felt... he didn’t even know. Something. He felt like he was suddenly happy. The antsiness from earlier was gone, and he felt good. Better than he had all day, including when Erica had taken his pain away.“Can I speak to you in the back for a moment?” Derek asked the sheriff. “I’m about to get an important call, and I think you need to be there for it.”“Sure.” He looked confused, but obediently followed Derek on the other side of the counter, then moved back around it and through the door.Stiles frowned after them, but didn’t worry about it, turning in time for the door to open. His cheerful greeting kind of fell flat when Matt walked in.“Hi, the usual?” He started to move to make his drink, Matt offering him a huge smile.He obviously couldn’t see anything out of the ordinary, much like the other customers. His dad just had a keen eye, and was also kind of looking for it.“Sure.” Matt leaned forward on the counter, like he always did, watching Stiles move around to get his coffee made.Whatever Erica had done to him was slowly beginning to wear off, and his ribs were beginning to twinge again. Stiles winced, but didn’t worry about it. It was just coffee, he would be fine.“How have you been doing? Classes going well?” Matt asked while Stiles made his gross coffee.“Good,” he replied shortly, hoping to end the conversation quickly. He didn’t ask about Matt’s, but the guy told him all about it anyway, standing in front of him while Stiles waited for him to fucking pay and get out.He didn’t even pretend to be interested, moving to organize their syrups and beginning to wipe down the counter, but Matt just kept talking and ignoring the fact that Stiles clearly wanted him to pay and go away!The back door opened then, Stiles turning to it, and his dad hurried out while speaking into his radio, asking Parrish to meet him somewhere. He frowned, but didn’t have time to dwell on it, because Derek was suddenly in his space again, snapping at him to get Matt checked out because he had work for him to do in the back.Matt glared at Derek exceptionally hard, but it was kind of laughable because Derek was much more practised at it. Eventually though, he paid, bid Stiles a good night with a call that they should hang out sometime, and then left.When Stiles turned to Derek to ask him what he wanted him to do in the back, Derek stared at him for a few long seconds, as if not actually having anything for him to do. Which was ridiculous, because why else would Derek have told him he did?“Just go do inventory or something,” Derek finally settled on.Stiles shrugged and grabbed the clipboard, heading around Derek to obey.“Wait.” Derek grabbed his arm and Stiles turned back to him, but Derek just stared at him for a second longer, then muttered, “Never mind.” and let him go.Heading into the back, Stiles started to reach up to shift something out of the way so he could see the back of the shelf when he froze. Very slowly, he reached down to poke at his ribs, jabbing in a little harder than he probably should.He felt nothing. Well, not nothing, but no pain. It had been coming back while he’d been making Matt’s drink, but now...Stiles turned to the back door, confused. Was that Derek? Had Derek realized the pain-sucking mojo from Erica was wearing off and he’d re-done it so Stiles wasn’t in pain anymore?How had Derek even known he was in pain again? Or did he just guess because the mojo had a time limit? Or maybe he didn’t even know and he’d just done it in case?Stiles tried not to dwell on it, because that would be weird, since Derek didn’t even like him, but he thought about it for a long time afterwards. He did inventory, then went back to the front, where Derek was rudely helping customers. Stiles shoved him towards the machines and told him to make the drinks. Surprisingly, he didn’t get snapped at for touching him, which was progress.When the shift ended, Derek told him not to bother with cleaning the floors or bathroom, and that the morning shift would take care of it. So Stiles just cleaned up all the machines, took out the trash, and then got ready to head home.Derek was finished at the same time as him and they headed out together. Stiles expected him to just go to his car and leave, like he normally did, but Derek seemed to be walking exceptionally slowly, playing with his keys, checking his phone, basically doing anything he had to in order for Stiles to reach the Jeep before Derek got to the Camaro.It seemed insane, but he was almost willing to bet that Derek was making sure Stiles made it out of the lot safely. For someone who hated Stiles, he seemed to be warming up to him, and that was kind of nice.He felt all warm and fuzzy on his way home, and when he got there, his dad was still up, watching TV in the living room. Stiles sat down on the couch beside his armchair and his dad turned to him briefly before facing forward once more.“We caught him.”Stiles frowned. “Caught who?”“The guy who mugged you.”He just stared at his father, not understanding. “What? How? I don’t even know who he is.”“Your friends found him. Sniffed him out.”Stiles suddenly realized that... he had no idea when the others had left. They’d been in the back, and then suddenly—they weren’t. He hadn’t given it any thought, because he’d actually kind of forgotten they were there.“So... so they found him, and they called you?”“Actually, they called Derek. It was why he asked to speak to me in the back. He said they’d caught the guy’s scent in the lot and were trying to find him. Once they did, they called Derek.”“But it’s not like he just confessed or anything,” Stiles insisted.His dad turned to him. “Wouldn’t you if you had four very angry Werewolves breathing down your neck?”“But that’s confession under duress, it doesn’t hold up,” Stiles insisted.“It does when the wolves are involved, because you can’t lie to a Werewolf. They know it’s him, he admitted it, he agreed to his time, and I slapped a restraining order on him for good measure.”Stiles had no idea how this had happened, but he kind of felt warm and fuzzy all over again. The pack liked him. They truly cared about him, Derek included! He hadn’t realized how much they all cared about one another until recently, and when he went to bed that night, he felt so good that his pain didn’t even seem to be bothering him anymore.It was halfway through February when Stiles finally clued in.Things had been good, really good. Derek treated him—not well, but kindly enough. They weren’t friends, but he was polite to him, and always made sure he stuck around until Stiles got into his Jeep. He was civil, which was all Stiles had ever wanted from him.Stiles even finally saw what he was always doing at the schedule once, which he’d had to pretend he hadn’t noticed because he didn’t want to deter whatever truce he and Derek had.He often found Derek at the schedule, scratching things out and drawing arrows. He’d never given it much thought because he always assumed it was to accommodate his writing or whatever, but one day he wandered past him while going to get more to-go cups from the cupboard behind him, and he realized it was the schedule for the week after next.And Derek was crossing out all the shifts where he and Stiles weren’t working together, re-arranging people so that Stiles never worked with anyone except for him.He’d been so startled he’d almost dropped the bag of cups he’d been pulling out, but thankfully caught it before it hit the ground and had Derek turn to see what the fuck he was doing. Stiles had grinned the whole way back to the till because, as much as Derek pretended not to like him, he was slowly but surely proving that he did like Stiles.Or at least tolerated him more than the other humans who came in the shop.He didn’t mind working with Derek anymore. Things had been good since the winter break, and he wasn’t about to rock the boat, so he just happily worked alongside him, occasionally trying to speak to him, but not pushing his luck. It was fine, though. The regulars talked to him all the time, asking him about his classes, his dad, how things were going in general.The only downside to any of his time in the shop was Matt. The guy could not take a hint, and it was slowly but surely getting on Stiles’ last nerve. He really felt like he needed a flashing neon sign that declared ‘NOT INTERESTED’ to make him understand.Today was crazy, though. Insanely crazy.Because it was Valentine’s day. And of course, people were coming in to cuddle up and be all gross and sappy together, and Stiles was so, so thankful Peter had planned ahead and had Boyd working, too.Stiles, Derek and Boyd were doing the morning shift since Stiles had class early the following day and thus preferred not to work the night shift. So the three of them did the morning shift together, and Erica, Isaac and Peter would be covering the evening shift.Boyd and Derek were making the drinks, and Stiles was on till since his personality made him the better option to keep people from getting too frustrated by the wait.Also, his pun game on Valentine’s was strong, especially for the singles who walked in looking annoyed or dejected about what day it was.One of the two regular girls who sat at the back was missing her friend that day, and she looked a little sad about it—he understood from her that her friend was married and spending a romantic day with her husband, so she was alone doing homework today. Stiles wanted to cheer her up, so when her order was ready, he handed it to her and smiled.“A Valentine brew, just for you. Lots of mugs and kisses.”She’d looked startled, and then had barked out a laugh, punching his shoulder lightly before thanking him, giving him a nice tip, and returning to her spot at the back.By the time one rolled around, they had a bit of a lull, and Stiles heard Boyd let out a relieved sigh.“I hate these days of the year. They’re always hectic.”“Yeah, this is kind of nuts,” Stiles agreed, looking around at the mostly full coffeeshop. No one new had come in though, so he squeezed himself between Derek and the machine and started making himself an iced coffee, still pleased every time Derek didn’t move away like Stiles had the plague.Peter had long ago told him he didn’t mind when Stiles took anything from the shop, but it still kind of bothered him. The rest of the employees were pack, they shared everything, but Stiles wasn’t. So he made his drink, and then rang himself in. When he went to pay, Boyd snatched his card from his hand and shoved it into his own pocket.“You don’t pay.”“I should be paying,” Stiles insisted, holding his hand out. Boyd just kept staring at him so Stiles tried to reach into his pocket himself to grab the card. He and Boyd had a mini battle behind the counter, Stiles actually getting his hand into his pocket and almost snatching his card back since Boyd was trying not to hurt him.The only reason he failed was because Derek pulled him away from Boyd and held his hand out. Stiles smirked in triumph while Boyd pulled Stiles’ card from his pocket, and when he reached for it, Derek raised his eyebrows and then shoved it into his own pocket.Boyd burst out laughing while Stiles sputtered. Derek had totally done that because he knew Stiles wasn’t brave enough to go for his pocket! Sure, they got along better, but Stiles and Boyd were friends. They hung out outside of work.He and Derek definitely didn’t do that, barring that one time around the holidays.“I’ll pay later,” Stiles insisted stubbornly. “You can’t keep my card forever.”“I mean, I could,” Derek insisted.“But you won’t,” Stiles shot back, chasing the straw with his tongue and then sipping at his drink. He looked over at Boyd when he sighed and pulled the straw from between his lips. “What’s up?”“Just disappointed I can’t spend Valentine’s day with Erica,” he said with another small sigh, wiping down the counter and cleaning out the blender Stiles had used to make his drink. “I’m working now, and she’s working later. It just sucks, is all.”Stiles licked his lips, feeling like he could understand that. It wasn’t great that Boyd had to spend the day away from his girlfriend, but he was sure they’d do something nice maybe tomorrow. He knew Peter was working the morning shift with Isaac, and Stiles and Derek were working the night shift, so they could be super romantic and disgustingly lovey-dovey tomorrow.And the places wouldn’t be as packed, either, so it was really a win-win all around.“Well, at least we’re spending the day together,” Stiles offered with a grin. “Coffee and friends are the perfect blend!”“Don’t make me hurt you,” Boyd insisted with another, deeper sigh. “It’s bad enough I have to hear your puns with the customers. Seriously,” he turned to Derek, “how do you handle spending every shift with him?”Derek just shrugged while Stiles went back to sucking frozen goodness through his straw. He hollowed his cheeks, trying to get a stubborn piece of ice through the straw, and noticed Derek staring at him. He released the straw, licking some cream off his lips.“What?”Derek started, as if he hadn’t realized he’d been zoning out. He just scowled at him, told Stiles to watch the front, then stormed off into the back.Cocking an eyebrow, Stiles turned to Boyd, who just shrugged helplessly.“Don’t worry about it.”Stiles figured Derek was just having a weird day, probably because he kept getting hit on. Actually, barring all the awesome puns Stiles was having the chance to use, watching people try and hit on Derek was the highlight of his day. He was really, truly enjoying it though he did feel bad for the poor girls who were probably going to be traumatized for the rest of their lives.Still, the entertainment value was top class for him.He was still sipping at his drink when the door opened and he turned, a greeting on his lips before it died at who had just walked in.Fucking Matt. Again. God dammit.Stiles eyed the box of chocolates he was holding a little apprehensively and Boyd frowned, like he wasn’t any happier about seeing him than Stiles was. Boyd had been around during the beginning, ever since Matt had started this whole thing with Stiles.Why couldn’t he get hit on by people who weren’t creepy?Matt reached the counter and offered a smile, setting the box of chocolates down. “Hey Stiles.”“Hi. Usual?” He was definitely less curt than he normally tried to be, but he was really losing patience, and the box of chocolates was kind of worrying him.“No thanks, not today. This is for you.”Stiles groaned internally when Matt pushed the box of chocolates closer to him. They were Lindor chocolates, thus extremely delicious and not exactly cheap. How was he supposed to fucking say no to this guy?“Actually,” Matt continued, even though Stiles had made no move to grab the chocolates, “I was thinking we could do something after you’re done work today. You and me. Go on a date.”Stiles could feel Boyd staring at him exceptionally hard, and for absolutely no reason, Stiles suddenly felt a surge of rage. It happened so fast, he had no idea where it had even come from. It slammed into him hard enough he almost staggered, and then disappeared instantly.He saw Boyd tense beside him, turning to look at the back door, but Stiles didn’t have time to worry about that. He had to finally be super fucking blunt with Matt, because apparently he needed to be blunt.Moving forward, he slowly pushed the box of chocolates back across the counter, hearing the back door swing open.“Okay, look,” he said cautiously, worried Matt might get violent. He was kind of creepy, so he didn’t really know how he’d react. Best to be super polite about it. “You’re a nice guy,” he lied, hoping Boyd and Derek wouldn’t call him on it, “and I’m flattered and all, but I’m—”“Taken.”Wait. That wasn’t the word Stiles had been about to use. Why had he said that?Okay no, that definitely wasn’t his voice. He wasn’t the one who’d said that. And there was a hand touching his waist, someone’s arm wrapped around him, and a warm line of heat against his side. He was being pulled into someone’s side in a very suggestive way, and what?What?He turned to look at Derek, who was flashing angry red eyes at Matt.What was happening?“He’s taken,” Derek repeated, slowly, as if to emphasize his point. “And I’ve officially lost my patience with you flirting with him in front of me.”Matt was staring at Derek, then he shifted to look at Stiles. He didn’t know what he looked like, but it seemed to make Matt believe they weren’t a couple.Which was a good instinct, considering they weren’t! But... wow, Derek was really firm. Like, literally all muscle. Did he have any fat on him at all? Jesus.“You?” Matt asked, scoff in his voice. He motioned between Stiles and Derek. “He’s dating you? Do I look stupid?”“Yes,” Derek said before Matt could continue.Matt just glared at him but kept speaking as if Derek hadn’t interrupted him. “All you ever do is yell at him and insult him.”“It’s called being professional in the workplace,” Derek said with a smile. It was all teeth, and not at all friendly, not to mention yelling and insulting him wasn’t professional at all. To be fair though, he hadn’t done either of those things in a long time. “I’m not going to show him favouritism just because I’m fucking him.”Stiles’ heart did something weird in his chest at those words, and wow, he hadn’t actually thought about Derek fucking him ever, but now, yup. That was a visual. That was something he could get behind.Or in front of, considering.And perfect, now he was getting a little turned on at the idea of Derek fucking him. While Derek was right next to him. And Boyd was like, two feet away.Great. Just great.“If he messes up,” Derek continued, pulling Stiles more tightly against himself, “he gets yelled at like everyone else.”Matt one-hundred percent did not believe him. “Uh huh. No way you two are banging. There’s no chemistry there at all.”“Really?” Boyd asked, sounding genuinely surprised. “I thought they were a thing the first time I saw them outside the workplace together. They were angry flirting, it was pretty intense.”Stiles figured Boyd was talking about the movie they’d gone to, though that was not angry flirting. Stiles didn’t know why he and Peter thought they were flirting! There had been no flirting!“Either way,” Derek said before Matt could get another word out, “I find it interesting you think it’s any of your business.”“What’s the matter, wolf?” Matt offered a condescending smile. “Jealous?”“You’re the one hitting on my boyfriend. Pretty sure I’m not the one who’s jealous.”“You don’t have to take this from him, you know,” Matt insisted, turning back to Stiles. “Just because you work here doesn’t mean he’s allowed to harass you like this.”Well, Derek and Boyd had already played it up. And if it got Matt to leave him alone and never come back, Stiles was okay with that. Not like dating Derek would be the worst thing in the world, if he was honest.“Harass me? Babe, are you harassing me?” He turned to Derek and offered him a grin. “Sexually, I hope, though I wouldn’t consider that to be harassment coming from you.”“You know I hate it when you call me babe,” Derek said with a convincing, exasperated sigh. “It’s demeaning.”“I can make it up to you later.” Stiles waggled his eyebrows, then turned back to Matt, resting his head on Derek’s shoulder and wow he really was all muscle, what the fuck? “Look, I didn’t mean to lead you on, and if I did, I’m really sorry because it wasn’t my intent.”“I’m still not buying it,” Matt insisted, which kind of irked Stiles, because regardless of whether or not it was true, if Stiles was playing along, didn’t that send pretty clear ‘not interested’ signals? Was Matt dense, obsessed, or both?Probably both.“Look Matt,” Stiles began, “don’t you th—”He didn’t get the chance to finish, because Derek let out an angry huff, shifted Stiles in his arms, and then...Wow, and then!Derek was kissing him. Derek was actually kissing him.And not like, a little peck on the lips, some shy little thing. No. Derek’s tongue was in his mouth, and his lips were moving against Stiles’, and his hands were on his skin, sliding up under his shirt and along his back, and holy shit Stiles couldn’t breathe.Derek was literally kissing him like he was trying to suck the oxygen out of his lungs, like he wanted this to be the last thing Stiles ever experienced before he was sent to heaven, like he was desperate to keep this moment going forever.It was at once extremely hot and horrendously confusing. Because someone who was kissing him this desperately couldn’t possibly hate him as much as Derek tried to make him believe he did.When Derek pulled back, Stiles realized he’d been gripping the front of his shirt, but he couldn’t find it in himself to unclench his hands. Derek had his bottom lip trapped between his teeth, tugging gently before releasing it, then kissing him lightly once more, this one a lingering peck.It took a few seconds for Stiles to finally open his eyes, and when he looked at Derek, the usual green was ruby red and it made his heart trip in his chest. Jesus, Derek was fucking amazing, he didn’t even know what the hell was going on anymore.Stiles jumped when he heard someone clear their throat loudly and hastily released Derek’s shirt. He took a huge step back, Derek’s hands sliding out from beneath his shirt and falling back to his sides.Glancing over at Boyd, he looked way too amused, and simply said, “Matt left like, five minutes ago.”“Shut up,” Stiles insisted, feeling his face beginning to heat up.When he looked back at Derek, his eyes had returned to normal and his jaw was clenched. Before Stiles could even say anything, Derek ripped off his apron and reached into his pocket, practically hurling Stiles’ bank card at him. He turned and shoved his apron at Boyd, who actually stumbled from the force of it.“I’m leaving, you two can handle the rest of the shift alone.”“Dere—” Stiles cut himself off when the back door was swung open so hard it actually hit the wall inside. He glanced at Boyd, who was also staring after him, then turned back to Stiles.“Just leave him be,” Boyd insisted, setting Derek’s apron down on the back counter out of the way.“What was that?” Stiles demanded, pointing at the back door and feeling... he didn’t even know. Hurt, and confused, and angry and also not at the same time. He didn’t understand why his feelings were all over the place because half of them didn’t even seem to belong to him, which made no sense and what was happening?!“Don’t dwell on it,” Boyd insisted, glancing over his shoulder. “We have customers, we’ll talk later.”They did not, in fact, talk later. Because Boyd booked it the second Peter showed up.Like a coward.The next day, Derek was gone.“I just don’t understand,” Stiles insisted, flailing one hand rather violently. “I mean, who does that?! Kisses someone, and then just leaves like that? Was it that bad? He literally fled Beacon Hills. Like, he left town, dad! Town!”His dad was being supremely unhelpful right now, because he was just sitting across from Stiles eating his veggie burger and curly fries—they’d compromised that he could have one unhealthy thing, and he’d wanted the fries—but not offering any words of support. He just kept staring at Stiles while he raged and flailed, nodding on occasion and humming his confirmation to things Stiles said.It was actually kind of pissing him off a little bit, but he tried not to take it out on his dad. He probably just didn’t know what to say anymore, since Stiles had been raging about this same thing for literally days. And not even just to his dad, but to Scott, as well. Poor Scott, who’d looked so adorably confused and helpless while Stiles raged about the sexy and infuriating asshole who was usually always mean to him but suddenly wasn’t and apparently wanted to kiss his face?Like, what? What?!It had been almost two weeks since Derek had kissed him and then disappeared. Stiles hadn’t worried about it on Valentine’s day, because he figured Derek was either disgusted or embarrassed, and whatever, no big deal. But when he’d shown up to work the following evening, Boyd was there instead of Derek.That had made him a little uncomfortable, but still not a big deal, no problem. The next shift though was when he knew something was wrong, because he was working with Peter. When he hesitantly asked if Derek was sick or something—nevermind that Werewolves didn’t get sick, but whatever—Peter informed him that Derek had left to head back up to his cabin. He’d said it matter-of-factly, like it wasn’t unusual for Derek to disappear randomly without a word, but the pinch in his eyebrows when he said it made it seem like this was different.And his coworkers were acting... weird around him. Well, weirder than usual.Like the other day, when a guy had mouthed off at Stiles about getting his order wrong—which he hadn’t, the guy was just an idiot and didn’t remember his own fucking order—Erica had literally wolfed out, grabbed the guy by the shirt, and told him not to speak to Stiles like that.Stiles was pretty sure the man wet himself.And the others weren’t much better, acting extremely possessive and protective, snarling when people got too close to him, and touching him a lot more often than they used to.He also kept getting random bursts of emotions that he couldn’t seem to control. He’d burst into tears for no reason a few days ago while working on an assignment for school. It had taken him almost ten minutes to stop, and he had no idea why! And sometimes, he got irrationally angry at nothing.Literally nothing!He’d been cooking dinner at one point, flipping a quesadilla, and had gotten so pissed off that he threw the pan across the kitchen. Not only did he have to clean up the mess, but he’d also been forced to figure out how to fix the damage to the wall before his dad got home. Not that it had been a lot of damage, but still!Now, ranting to his father, he knew the anger was his own, but all these weird things were happening and he didn’t get it! And it was driving him crazy!He was in the middle of bitching about something else related to Derek when a shadow loomed over him and he jerked away, startled. He frowned when he saw the town vet standing beside him, Alan Deaton.The man was some kind of magic-user. A Druid or something, Stiles had never asked because he didn’t want to pry, but he was pretty sure Scott had said he was a Druid.He was deemed a non-threat and virtually human, so nobody bothered him about his magic. As far as Stiles understood, he wasn’t exactly powerful anyway. By Supernatural standards, he was almost boring.He was smiling down at Stiles, all mysterious aura and sparkling eyes. It was making him a little uncomfortable.“Deaton.” His father stood and held out his hand for a firm shake. “Thank you for coming, I really appreciate it.”“Not at all, sheriff.”“Wait, you invited him?” Stiles demanded, motioning Deaton while his father sat back down and Deaton pulled up a chair. “Why?”“Because, Stiles, you’ve been acting weird for a while now and it’s something I think we need to talk about,” his dad said.“Are you a shrink?” Stiles asked Deaton, surprised. Shit, a Druid, a vet, and a shrink? His schooling must be impressive.Deaton offered a small laugh. “Not quite. But I do know a fair amount about Werewolves and their packs. I am actually fairly heavily involved with the Hale pack, and invited one of them to join us today to obtain some clarity on what’s been going on with you.”“Okay,” Stiles said slowly.“He should be here shortly.”Stiles was kind of hoping for Derek, though he tried not to set that expectation too high. It was a good thing, too, because ten minutes later, it was Peter who walked in, offering a smile and moving to grab a seat beside Stiles.He was too close, but Stiles was kind of getting used to it now after two weeks of the weird behaviour from the pack.Deaton let out a small hum of interest at that and Peter turned to him, flashing his blue eyes.“You said this was about Stiles,” Peter said. “What’s been going on? Is he okay?”“I’m right here,” Stiles insisted, but Deaton ignored him and spoke to Peter as if Stiles weren’t even there.“I think you know why we’re here. Seeing this,” Deaton motioned Peter and Stiles, “tells me everything about what’s been going on. So, shall you inform his father, or shall I?”“Inform me about what?” the sheriff asked curtly.“Yeah, inform him about what?” Stiles demanded, wondering what the fuck was going on.“I can’t,” Peter said, tone pleasant but expression hard.“Not everything, no. That would need to come from the Alpha. But you can explain some things, as we are both well aware.”Peter shot Deaton a menacing look, but the Druid just smiled pleasantly, waiting for Peter to decide if he was going to speak, or if he would be speaking for him. They stared at one another for a long while before Peter finally turned to Stiles.“You’re pack.”“That... that explains nothing,” Stiles said, frowning. “What does that mean?”Peter shot another glare at Deaton. “This isn’t discussed in front of humans,” he insisted.“Stiles is in your pack, it hardly counts,” Deaton responded cheerfully.“His father isn’t.”“Ah. Well, that is unfortunate, but I doubt the sheriff will be leaving.”“You bet your ass I’m not leaving,” he snapped, glaring at Peter and crossing his arms. “What does this mean, him being your pack?”“It means he belongs to us,” Peter said.“I’m sorry, I what now?” Stiles demanded, turning to Peter.It was clear Peter did not want to discuss this in front of the sheriff, but he eventually relented and mostly just stared at Stiles while he spoke, ignoring the older man was there.Apparently, when the wolves had started to get more touchy-feely with him, they’d been pulling him into their pack without entirely meaning to. They’d decided they liked this human, that they wanted to keep him around, they wanted him to smell like them. It used to only be Isaac and Erica, at first. But Boyd had joined in soon afterwards, and eventually even Peter. The catalyst was when Derek had started doing it. He didn’t do it as often, but he’d stopped keeping his distance from Stiles, and every now and then he’d brush past him. Stiles always assumed it was regular brushing past someone, but for Derek, he’d been scenting him in a way that wasn’t as obvious as the others.And once Derek started doing that, it pulled him into the pack even more, made him kind of a part of them. Which was why Stiles was having weird bursts of emotions he didn’t understand.Because the pack had a bond, a strong one. They had to be able to know when one of their own was in trouble, or hurt, or lonely. They had to be completely attuned to their pack’s needs, and that was mostly governed through the Alpha.Which was Derek.He’d pulled him in already, but not so much that he was officially in the pack. Just enough that he was hovering on the outskirts, which was why the last few full moons had made him antsy and full of nervous energy he couldn’t control.The day Stiles had shown up at the coffeeshop after the mugging was the first day Stiles had started feeling all these weird, out of whack emotions. Peter explained that it was why he and Boyd had shown up at the coffeeshop. Because Derek was livid Stiles had gotten hurt, because Stiles belonged to him. Maybe not entirely before that moment, but as soon as he’d seen how injured he was, Stiles had gotten sucked in completely, and Derek’s rage had vibrated along the bonds.Derek being angry was normal though, as apparently he was always perpetually angry about something or another. But it wasn’t until the new bond had appeared that Boyd and Peter had realized something was different. They could feel pain, but it was a foreign pain. It belonged to someone they knew but couldn’t place.It was why they’d both shown up, because they could sense where it was coming from, and the closer they got to the shop, the more they realized who that new person could be. And when they’d walked in and found out what happened to Stiles, it was logical that he was the one who’d shoved his way into the pack bonds.Not that he’d shoved, it was more like the others had pushed him into Derek, and instead of pushing back, Derek had just fallen over and let Stiles win.“So...” Stiles didn’t know what to say. “So I’m... in your pack? How does that even work?”“Ah, I’m afraid this is where the conversation must end,” Deaton informed him with a mysterious smile. “Peter isn’t allowed to discuss anything about the pack without the Alpha present.”“He was literally just talking pack talk,” Stiles insisted, motioning Peter.“He was explaining how you became part of the pack, nothing more. Anything further would need to be addressed with the Alpha. Especially considering.”“Considering?” Stiles prompted, because Deaton didn’t seem like he was going to continue.“You need to talk to Derek,” Peter informed him. “I can’t tell you anything more.”“No, he said ‘considering,’” Stiles insisted, pointing at Deaton, then turning back to him. “Considering what?”“You need to speak with Alpha Hale,” Deaton echoed. “There is nothing further either of us can advise on.”“And how am I supposed to speak to the mighty Alpha Hale?” Stiles asked angrily. “He fucking kissed me and then disappeared!”“Language,” his dad insisted, though a little subdued. He looked like he was trying to figure out if he was losing his son to the wolves. Stiles knew that would never happen, his dad would chain him up in the basement, if he had to.Stiles didn’t like the basement, it was cold and damp and dark. He hoped he didn’t get chained up in the basement.Peter pulled out his phone and Stiles scowled at him until he put it away. A few seconds later, Stiles’ phone vibrated in his pocket.“I just sent you the address to his cabin,” Peter informed him cheerfully. “Do make sure he doesn’t know where you got it from. It’s a bitch having to get blood out of my good shirts.”Stiles had no fucking idea what was going on.When he stopped the Jeep and stared out the window at the location Peter had given him, Stiles wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting, but it wasn’t this. Everyone called it a ‘cabin,’ and logically, a cabin was normally just a small wooden house. Rustic looking. Homey. The kind of place where you curl up on the couch in front of the fire and listen to the sounds of the forest.That was kind of what Stiles had been expecting when he’d shown up, using his phone for the coordinates because it wasn’t exactly an address, more just a place in the middle of the woods.Stopping the Jeep though, the house in front of him was not a cabin.It was two stories high, looked to be at least five thousand square feet, had beautiful, rich brown wood overlay with white trim and a white door. There was a wrap-around porch, complete with a barbecue around the back, and one of those swing chairs at the front right beside the door.The place looked stunning. Somewhere Stiles would love to disappear to for months on end, which explained why Derek did it so frequently.He knew Derek was there, because the Camaro was parked on a patch of gravel over to the left. Stiles didn’t bother moving the Jeep, no one else was coming up this way, and at least blocking the exit meant Derek couldn’t escape.With his car, anyway. He could probably run out the back door and disappear through the trees faster than Stiles could walk two steps. He just hoped he didn’t. They really needed to talk. He needed to understand what the fuck this whole pack bullshit was, and what was going on, and why and how he was in the pack.It couldn’t be as easy as pulling someone in. Stiles wasn’t a Werewolf, he was human.Letting out a slow, calming breath, Stiles pushed open the door and stepped out of the Jeep. Derek had to know he was there, he’d be a shitty Werewolf and a worse Alpha if he didn’t, so Stiles didn’t bother being quiet. He slammed the door, shoved his hands in his pockets, and walked slowly up to the porch.He’d just put his foot on the bottom step when the door opened and Derek stood in the doorway, glaring down at him hard enough it was like he believed he could make Stiles leave just by scowling at him.Normally, it’d probably work.Actually, no. It wouldn’t. Stiles was immune now. Repeated exposure, and all that.“How did you find this place?” Derek asked, voice barely holding back the rage he so obviously felt.It was weird for Stiles to realize what was happening, now. He felt like he was also getting angry, though he didn’t know why. And once he acknowledged that it was Derek who was pissed off, the anger he felt seemed... less. Less present, less intense, less consuming. He could still feel it, the rage behind Derek’s eyes, but it wasn’t threatening to swallow him whole anymore.“Luck,” Stiles said simply, because he’d promised Peter not to rat him out. “We need to talk.”“No, we don’t.” Derek took a step back and went to slam the door, but Stiles flew up the stairs as fast as he could and shoved his foot in the gap. He banged his elbow on the door and the wood hitting his foot actually hurt from the force of Derek’s attempted slam, but at least it was still open.“You’re not welcome here,” Derek seethed through the gap.“Well, that’s just too bad, isn’t it?” Stiles insisted. “You owe me some answers.”“Answers?” Derek scoffed. “For what?”“For what the fuck is happening to me!” Stiles snapped. “You can’t just pull me into your pack, kiss me like a man starved of oxygen, and then disappear without a trace. Things don’t work that way, Derek! You have to take responsibility for your actions, and tell me things so I don’t think I’m just losing my God damn mind!”Derek looked like Stiles had slapped him, the anger sliding off his face and shock replacing it.“You know.”“I only know what your Betas are allowed to tell me. Everything else is all ‘talk to Derek, talk to Derek,’ which, you know, love to, if Derek wasn’t hiding out in the woods like some kind of redneck murderer!”Derek scowled at that. “I’m not a redneck or a murderer!”“Not very brave, either.” Stiles raised his eyebrows. “You going to let me in, or we gonna stand here all day having a staredown?”“I’d win.”“I’m pretty stubborn.”“Also very annoying,” Derek said.They stared at one another for a few minutes, Stiles just raising his eyebrows again in a very clear ‘I ain’t leavin’ without answers’ kind of way. Finally, Derek growled and pulled the door back open, stepping aside and motioning Stiles in.He walked into the front hall, looking around curiously. The inside was as gorgeous as the outside. The walls were all painted in soft colours, varying shades of grey and blue. The two rooms he could see—a large sitting room with a TV, and an office with a laptop, wireless printer, bookcase and couch—looked comfortable and inviting. It was evident that Derek liked being alone in this place, because it was very peaceful. Calm. Probably helped him focus on his writing.Derek shut the door behind him and brushed past him, leading the way down the corridor and past some stairs that went up to the second level. Stiles followed him and paused when he walked through the kitchen door.The entire back wall of the house was made of glass, large floor to ceiling windows providing a perfect view of the forest out back. The house was on a bit of an incline, so there was a dip in the forest before it rose once more, giving it an extremely nice view.“Coffee?” Derek grunted while moving to the coffee machine in the corner. It looked like one of those Nespresso pod machines, where people just stuck a capsule in and it magically spat out coffee.“No thanks.” Stiles sat down at the table—it only seemed to seat four people, was round, and made of some kind of rich wood that wasn’t mahogany; he had no idea what it was. The chair was comfortable with a plush pillow, and he really felt like he could learn to love living here. Seriously, no wonder Derek spent more time in his cabin than in the pack house, it was amazing.Then again, maybe the pack house was almost identical, only bigger. Stiles didn’t know, he hadn’t gone over yet. The others had told him he could, and had offered to bring him by, but he felt like he needed to talk to the Alpha first. They were only cool with him being at their house because he was officially pack, but it still didn’t feel real. Until Derek told him it was real, he wouldn’t believe it.He watched Derek take his time making a coffee. It was obvious he was procrastinating, but eventually he had nothing else to use to delay his arrival at the table. So he filled a glass with water, picked up his coffee mug, and went to join Stiles at the table. He set the water down in front of him, then sat and took a sip of his coffee, avoiding Stiles’ eye while setting it down.“What do you want?” Derek asked.Polite, as always. No wonder people didn’t let him out of the house to do signings.Stiles knew it was more likely Derek’s choice, but it made him feel better to think people were as frustrated with his lack of manners as Stiles was.“Why did you kiss me?” It wasn’t what Stiles meant to ask, but before Derek disappeared into the void, kicked him out, or killed him, he needed to have an answer.“It doesn’t matter.”“Kind of does.”“I’m not discussing this with you, so if that’s why you drove all the way up here, there’s the door.” Derek nodded behind Stiles to where the front door was, slouched in his seat with his arms crossed and his expression set.“You’re such a dick,” Stiles insisted, shaking his head and slouching in his own seat. “Why can’t you just act your age? You know you’re being a child right now, right? So you kissed me, big fucking deal. It’s not like I gave you human cooties or anything. And I didn’t ask you to kiss me. I didn’t ask for your help. I didn’t ask for any of this! But now, apparently, I’m part of your pack, and nobody can tell me why, or how it happened, because it has to come from you. So start talking.”Predictably, Derek just sat there staring at him, arms crossed and scowl on his face. Like he looked every time Stiles ever glanced over at him at work. Someone really needed to tell him his face was going to get stuck that way.Or maybe it already was stuck that way. Would certainly explain why he was such a dick, Stiles would be pissy too if he always looked like he wanted to murder someone.They sat there for close to ten minutes in silence, Stiles keeping an eye on the time over Derek’s head since the stove’s hood range had a clock on it. When they hit the fifteen minute mark, Stiles was done.“Okay.” He slapped one hand on the table and stood. “Good chat. Thanks for all that. So, now that we’ve cleared the air, I don’t want to be in your pack, since you won’t tell me anything about it. So whatever you need to do to undo it, get on that. I’ll quit the coffeeshop, since clearly you don’t want me around, and it’ll be like I never fucking existed. Happy?” He fake-smiled at Derek and turned to head for the door. “Just tell me you want to get rid of me instead of acting like a fucking child.”He was halfway down the corridor when he heard Derek speak, pausing in his steps, but not turning back.“I don’t like humans.”Shocker. Stiles never would’ve guessed, but Derek was talking, so that was something. Sure, Stiles had been forced to give him an ultimatum, but from the looks of things, Derek didn’t want him in his pack anyway, so if anything, it should’ve been easy for Derek to keep his mouth shut.But he hadn’t. Which meant he didn’t want Stiles out of the pack. So if that was true, then he needed to talk.“Humans are... fragile,” Derek continued quietly. “Dishonest. Cruel.” The chair creaked, like he’d stood up, and Stiles heard him coming up behind him. He didn’t stand so close that Stiles could reach back and touch him, but almost. “I’m not saying wolves aren’t like that, but we have a bond. We have pack. That means something to us. It’s like... family, but more. And I don’t—”Derek cut himself off and Stiles chanced a glance over his shoulder. He was frowning down at the floor, like he was trying to find the right words to say. For someone who wrote for a living, it was interesting that he struggled with words. Context, Stiles supposed.“I haven’t had the best luck with humans,” Derek finally said, looking back up at Stiles, where he stood half-turned so they could look at one another properly. “The first human I ever loved died because I was selfish.” His hands clenched into fists and Stiles could see red peeking out, like his claws had come out and he’d cut into his palms. “The second human I loved burned my house to the ground with my family inside.”Stiles felt the grief then, hitting him like a truck. There was sadness there, too, but that was his. He recognized it as belonging to him.And guilt. So much guilt it threatened to suffocate him. Derek had never forgiven himself for what had happened.“When I came back,” Derek continued, taking a step closer, but still keeping some distance between them, “when I smelled the pack on you, I was angry. I was beyond pissed off at them. Because in my absence, the others had slowly started pulling you into the pack.”“Is that...” Stiles knew it was possible, because Peter had told him as much. That they could pull him in, but only the Alpha could truly accept him into the pack. He changed his question to something Peter hadn’t answered. “I mean, can that happen with a human? Is that a thing?”“Humans in a pack?” Derek asked. He didn’t look happy to answer, but he did. “It’s rare when it’s not a relative or a spouse, but it can happen. Humans joining a pack as nothing more than a friend. I didn’t think it would happen with you. I was determined not to let them suck you in too far. It’s why I didn’t want them around you, I wanted to control the amount of exposure the others had with you.”Well. That was a dick move. But not surprising, given Derek’s hatred of him from the very beginning.“It didn’t matter what I said, they all cared about you. And the longer you stuck around, the more they sucked you in. And because they’re my pack, and I’m the Alpha, I look out for what they care about, even if I don’t care about it myself.” Derek eyed him critically then, Stiles shifting his weight uncomfortably. “Looking out for you made me care about you, too. I didn’t want to, and I tried to fight it off, but after a while, I started pulling you in, too. Without realizing it, I was making you pack until one day you just... were pack.”Stiles nodded slowly, licking his lips. “And, uh... is that... is that bad? Me being pack?”He honestly didn’t know what the answer was going to be. A part of him insisted it would be an insult with, “Of course it’s bad!” but another part of him insisted that if it was bad, Derek would’ve kicked him out of the pack by now. The fact that he hadn’t proved it wasn’t necessarily a bad thing in his mind.Derek was silent for a moment, then eventually he seemed to almost deflate, scrubbing one exhausted hand over his face and losing a bit of his hard edge, like he was too tired to put on his asshole, big, bad Alpha persona anymore.“No,” Derek finally admitted. “It’s not bad. But I did it without consulting you. I pulled you into the pack without your permission. And I’m...” He trailed off, like he didn’t know how to finish that sentence.Stiles waited, then finally offered, “Scared?”Surprisingly, Derek didn’t deny it. And that was when Stiles realized Derek was scared. He was scared of letting another human into his life. Of trusting someone not to stab him in the back, or burn his house to the ground. Of having a human in his pack, in his space, sharing this special and sacred bond that only wolves and their packs were supposed to have.For all his bravado, Derek was still only a young adult at twenty-five, and everything about his life had been done in fast forward. He was never meant to be an Alpha at the age he ended up becoming one, and he was scared of screwing up again. He was scared of letting his pack down.“Humans are fragile,” Derek repeated softly, eying Stiles. “Humans are dangerous.”“No more than anyone else,” Stiles insisted quietly.Derek shook his head, like Stiles didn’t understand. “I don’t want to love another human,” he finally explained.“Then don’t.”The wince he got in response made his heart stutter in his chest, but not nearly as much as Derek’s next words.“Too late.”Stiles just stared at him for what felt like an eternity. It must’ve felt like that to Derek, too, because he looked increasingly uncomfortable the longer they stood there, and eventually he glanced away, like Stiles’ silence was telling him everything he needed to know and he was stupid for having thought Stiles was different.Finally, thankfully, Stiles was able to get his brain to function once more. “You don’t even like me,” he managed to get out. “You’ve hated me since the moment I walked into the shop.”“I hated you back then,” Derek admitted, eyes focussed on something over Stiles’ shoulder, like he didn’t want to look at him. “I didn’t want a human around, and I didn’t want to deal with the pack sucking you in. But by keeping them away from you, it meant you spent more time with me, instead. Not that Peter helped, considering he was the one making the schedule. But because I ended up with you so often, I listened to you. I didn’t want to, but you’re pretty loud,” he said dryly. “I listened to you interact with other people, with the pack, with your dad sometimes while you were on the phone. We went to that movie, and you defended us for no reason other than because it was the right thing to do. You saw me in the mall trying to buy presents, and even though you thought I hated you, you offered to help me anyway. You could’ve just let me flounder, ruined the holidays like I always do, but you didn’t. You helped me, you ran around the mall with me, you offered to help me wrap things. The shop got broken into, and you got injured chasing the people away, and then spent hours there alone cleaning up the mess so that it could open the next day. You’ve never once asked for anything from anyone, you just...” Derek shook his head, like he had no idea what else to say. “You make no sense. You’re human, but you don’t act like any human I’ve ever met.”“Selfless?” Stiles asked. “Because there’s a lot of us like that, you know that, right?”“I try to avoid humans as much as possible,” Derek advised him. “I don’t trust them. And I didn’t trust you.”The past tense was not lost on Stiles. “But you do now.”“It’s the only reason you’re standing in my house.”Stiles nodded once, conceding his point. Though to be fair, he was pretty stubborn, so it was entirely possible he’d have muscled his way in eventually. Well, not muscled, since Derek was winning on that front, but he’d have gotten in somehow!“Deaton alluded to something when I met with him earlier,” Stiles admitted. “About me being in the pack, and it being something you had to talk to me about, considering. Is that... I mean, what you said. About, uh, it being too late. Is that the ‘considering’ part?”Derek just stared at something over Stiles’ shoulder, so he chose to take that as a yes.“So... what now?” Stiles asked uncertainly. “I mean...” He had no idea what to say. “Are you actually working up here? Or were you just running away?”Derek’s eyes shot back to him and flashed red. He obviously didn’t like the accusation, though Stiles noticed he didn’t deny it, either.When he said nothing further, Stiles just nodded and motioned behind himself. “Okay, well, since I’m not kicked out of the pack, and I’ve got homework, I’m gonna go. You can either come back down with me and we can work on our friendship, or you can stay up here and brood like a redneck murderer. Your choice. Though I won’t deny being happy you’re working on a book, since I need my fix, but you should practice being a normal human being. Or a normal Werewolf being? Whatever, you know what I mean. Anyway, I’m going now so...” He motioned behind himself again, clicked his tongue, then turned to leave the house.Derek made no move to stop him, or follow him. Stiles just went back to the Jeep, started it, turned around, and headed home.Werewolves were so fucking weird.“So how do I like, turn it off?” Stiles demanded.“Off?” Peter asked, arching an eyebrow. He was leaning back in his seat with one leg crossed over the other, one arm out over the chairback of the neighbouring chair and the other hand holding a glass of red wine he’d been sipping at for the past ten minutes.“The emotions thing. The—feeling everything you guys feel. Is there, like, an off switch?”Peter offered him an amused smile before taking a sip of his drink. Like an asshole.When Stiles had returned home, he found Isaac there waiting for him, looking somewhat nervous, but also relieved when Stiles exited the Jeep in one piece and still smelling like pack. He’d hugged him for good measure, and had told Stiles the pack was taking him out to dinner.Well, not the whole pack. Just the pack members he knew—so Peter, Boyd, Erica and Isaac. While Stiles was going to be invited over to the house for the next pack gathering, for now he was fine with hanging out with the members he knew.He and Isaac had gone to one of the ritzier restaurants in town, and that was how Stiles found himself sitting in a fancy chair with a cloth napkin in his lap, sparkling water in a wine glass, three different kinds of bread on the table, and a menu that boasted items that cost more than his weekly paycheck.He was not comfortable being in this place at all, but Peter had insisted he was officially pack now, since Derek hadn’t kicked him out of it, and that everything would be covered and to stop worrying about it.Actually, he was more worried now, because the way Peter was speaking suggested they were all going to try and fight to pay his tuition next semester, and while that would be a huge help to his dad, it felt... weird. He wasn’t a Werewolf, he didn’t belong in a pack, and he didn’t know how to feel about all this.About the pack practically adopting him, and Derek being in love with him, and feeling other people’s emotions. It was kind of a lot to take in all in one day.“Seriously,” Stiles insisted, glancing at Boyd, “can you turn it off?”“You can dull it,” Boyd offered, shrugging one shoulder. “Most of the time we only feel each other’s strong emotions. Pain, anger, grief, that sort of thing.”“Pleasure,” Isaac insisted, looking traumatized. “We definitely feel that, too.”Erica grinned at him and winked. Isaac just groaned and buried his face in his hands. Stiles could only assume that whenever Erica and Boyd got physical, it was uncomfortable for everyone.Well. That was awesome. He couldn’t wait for that...“It’s harder for the party feeling those emotions to dull them,” Boyd continued. “Usually emotions that strong are hard to control, but the rest of us can drown it out somewhat. You can send your own emotions back up the bond, too.”“And really, the most intense come from Derek,” Erica insisted, sitting sideways in her chair and playing with her knife like she was contemplating carving something into the expensive table. “He’s the Alpha, so he’s kind of the central command on the feelings thing.”“So we mostly just feel a lot of anger, got it,” Stiles muttered.“He can switch it on and off, though,” Isaac said. “Which is convenient when these two start going at it.” He motioned Erica and Boyd. Erica just grinned ferally again. Boyd had the decency to look somewhat embarrassed. “When Derek switches it off, it basically just severs the ties for everyone in the pack. We can’t feel anything anyone else is feeling.”“He tries not to do it when he can help it,” Peter explained. “As the Alpha, he needs to know when one of his own is in danger. But yes, it is appreciated when he severs the connection during any, how to say, lovemaking in the household.”“It’s mostly just Boyd and Erica,” Isaac explained with a shrug. “Though when Malia’s out looking to get laid, or Scott’s with his girlfriend, that’s pretty bad, too.”Stiles turned to Isaac, positive he’d heard wrong. “I’m sorry, who?”“Oh, Malia is Derek’s cousin, Peter’s daughter,” Isaac said.“No, no,” Stiles waved one hand. “Scott? Scott who? Which Scott?” Surely there were more Scotts that Isaac could be referring to. It wasn’t like his Scott was the only Scott in existence, so whoever Isaac was talking about, there was no way it was his Scott. His Scott would’ve told him if he was a Werewolf. His Scott would’ve mentioned that he was in a pack, that he’d been turned, that he wasn’t entirely human anymore. He and his Scott shared everything, no matter how small, and this was something big, so surely his Scott wouldn’t have kept something this big a secret from his oldest, bestest friend. His brother in everything but blood. The second half of his brotherly soul.“Oh, Scott McCall. I think you guys went to the same high school, right?”Stiles stared at Isaac for a few seconds, then pulled the napkin off his lap and excused himself. He headed outside while pulling out his phone, scrolled through his contacts to find Scott’s name, then dialled. He put the phone to his ear, tried to reign in his temper, and promptly lost it the second Scott answered.
“Hey Sti—”
“You’re a Werewolf?!” Stiles shouted into the phone, hoping to cause permanent damage to Scott’s eardrums. “How could you not tell me?! How could you keep this from me?! Is that how you could afford to go to school across the country?! Is that why you don’t come back, or do you lie about when you’re here so I don’t know you’re back?! What the fuck, Scotty, I thought we were friends! Best friends! Brothers! How could you keep something like this from me?!”Stiles didn’t know how to reign himself in. His mind was a haze of rage over this, and his chest ached with pain over not being trusted with something like this. How many times had Scott been back in town? Melissa had never said anything, but she also didn’t seem to miss Scott all that much, so Stiles had to wonder if Scott was around all the fucking time and just hadn’t said anything. Maybe he came back once a month, hung out with his mom, with the pack, and just stayed away from Stiles. Maybe Scott was here right now and Stiles had no fucking idea because Scott had lied to him for years! About something so, so important!The answer to his anger from Scott was silence. A long silence. It was doing nothing for Stiles’ anger, and he could feel it beginning to creep upwards to a dangerous degree. It was weird, because now that he understood the bonds a bit more, he could feel the others inside pushing some calmness at him. Trying to lower the anger, help him be reasonable, more zen about this.They obviously didn’t know Stiles and Scott knew each other. Which made sense, because Stiles didn’t really talk about Scott, it hurt too much to remember he wasn’t around. And if he wasn’t around, there wasn’t really much for him to talk about. As for Scott, well, he probably felt uncomfortable talking about his human friend Stiles with his new pack.Shit, was it new? How long had Scott been a Werewolf? When had he become one?!“Holy shit,” Scott finally said quietly. “It’s you. The... everyone was saying Derek pulled a human into the pack, but I had no idea... I can... dude, I can feel your anger right now. It’s you. You’re the human in our pack.”“How could you keep this from me?!” Stiles demanded again. “I thought we told each other everything, Scott! I’ve told you so many things! Embarrassing things! Terrifying things! I told you I was bi, Scott! That was hard! That was scary! I’ve told you things I was too ashamed or afraid to tell my dad! You being a Werewolf is huge, how could you keep this from me?!”Scott was silent for a moment longer, then he finally said, very softly, “I didn’t want things to change.”That answer startled some of Stiles’ anger right out of him. “What?” he asked, feeling the calmness coming down the bonds latching onto him, as if he’d left them an opening to help calm him down and they were all taking advantage of it. “What would change?”
“Us. You. I—it was an accident. I got bitten out of necessity. Rogue Werewolf the pack was chasing out of the territory. I was—it was dumb. I was out in the woods, sneaking through them on my way to Kira’s. The rogue attacked me to slow the pack down. I was going to die, I was—it was bad, Stiles. I wasn’t going to make it. Derek had a choice. He could let me die, or he could turn me and hope the bite took. He asked first. It was hard to understand, I was in a lot of pain, but he—he made sure I was okay with it. It was certain death, or the chance to survive, so I agreed. And he bit me.”
“When?” Stiles asked softly, his stomach bottoming out. Scott had almost died. He’d almost died and he hadn’t told him. “When did this happen?”
“Two weeks before second semester of our Senior year.”
Stiles remembered Scott was really sick during the beginning of January that year. Well, evidently he wasn’t sick, considering, but that was what Stiles had been told. Scott hadn’t been around much. He’d come to school eventually, and he always texted with Stiles, and they hung out at school, but they didn’t afterwards. Once school was out, Scott had to head straight home. He’d told Stiles some bullshit story about an illness he had, and while Stiles hadn’t believed him at first, his mother had backed him up when Stiles had asked her about it.Apparently Scott did have an illness. Lycanthropy was technically an illness.“So you left,” he said quietly, the ache in his chest spreading. He could feel new emotions coming down the bonds, friendship and acceptance. One almost felt like love, and if he had to guess where that was coming from, he’d guess it was Scott himself. “You joined the pack, had money, and went to school somewhere far away from here. From me.”
“I didn’t know how to tell you. Telling my mom was terrifying, and I thought I was going to lose her. The thought of-of having to tell you just—I didn’t know how you’d take it. I was just scared, Stiles. You’re my best friend, you’re my brother. I couldn’t... I wouldn’t have been able to handle it if you looked at me the same way other people do. Not you.”
“You should know me better than that,” Stiles insisted, hurt lancing through him even more at the suggestion that he wouldn’t be okay with this. “Scott, you should know me!”
“I know. Stiles, I know. I should’ve trusted that you’d be different, but I couldn’t lose you, Stiles. I was too scared to lose you. So I figured it was safer this way. We could still be friends across the country. I didn’t—I couldn’t lose you because of this. I’m sorry. Stiles, I’m sorry.” 
He was still pissed. He knew this was a betrayal he wasn’t going to get over any time soon, but he also tried to see it from Scott’s perspective, as much as he didn’t want to. Stiles liked to think he’d have trusted Scott enough to admit he was a Werewolf were their roles reversed, but it was easy to think that hypothetically. He couldn’t really imagine how Scott must’ve felt, newly bitten and terrified and confused. The only people he cared about in his life were Stiles and his mother, and he’d reacted the same way anyone would to a change.With fear. With thoughts of rejection. With self-preservation instincts.Sighing, Stiles rubbed at his face with his free hand, kind of annoyed that everyone was throwing calming thoughts down the bonds at him to make him less angry. Sure, it was beneficial, but he also kind of wanted to keep being mad about this. This was kind of something he needed to rage about so he could try and get over it.He knew the choice was Scott’s. He knew that he didn’t have a right to any of this information if Scott didn’t want to share it with him. But... but it was Scott. They told each other everything, and to know this secret had been kept for years made Stiles feel like he wasn’t someone worth trusting. Like he wasn’t worth anything. He knew that wasn’t what Scott was doing, and he knew it was Scott’s choice, just like Stiles telling him he was bisexual had been his choice, but it still made him feel unworthy somehow. Like he didn’t deserve to know Scott’s secrets the way Scott knew his.This was a lot to take in all in one day. Being in a pack, having the Alpha in love with his, his best friend being a Werewolf. This was turning into the longest day of his life, it felt like it was seventy hours long, at this point.Stiles let out a slow breath, rubbing at his face with one hand, trying to calm down before he broke. This was kind of a lot. He wanted to go home and take a nap or something. Maybe he’d go to bed early.“Look, it’s been a long day. This is—it’s not the kind of conversation we should be having over the phone. When you’re back in town later this year, you tell me, and we’ll—I don’t know. We’ll get pizza and hash it out or something. But I’m still pissed you didn’t trust me not to freak out at you over this.”And that was the thing that really stung. It wasn’t that Scott hadn’t told him, it was that he hadn’t told him because he didn’t trust Stiles to take it in stride. His dad was the fucking advocate for change in the town, did Scott really think he’d raised someone who didn’t feel the exact same way?
“Yeah. Yeah, I’d like that. Stiles, I really would. I really want to-to share this entire experience with you. And hey, since you’re pack now, I can talk to you about like, everything. I can tell you everything. And I will, I promise. I will.”
“Yeah.” Stiles inhaled deeply, then slowly let it out once more. “I’m at dinner with the others, so I should go. But we’re talking about this when you’re back.”“I promise,” Scott said. “Stiles, I’m really sorry. I didn’t—I just can’t lose you, okay? Not you.”“Yeah,” he said softly with a sigh. “I get it. I get it, Scott. We’ll talk about it when you’re back. You can make it up to me for not believing I’m a good person.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Stop apologizing, it doesn’t work as well when you can’t puppy-dog eyes me.” Stiles half-smiled. “Have a good night, okay? We’ll talk soon.”
“Right. You too. And Stiles?”
“Hm?”
“If our pack had to have a human, I’m really glad it’s you.”
“Yeah, me too, buddy. Night.” Stiles waited for Scott to wish him farewell, then hung up, rubbing at his face with his free hand.Scott was a Werewolf. His oldest, bestest friend in the world was a Werewolf, and had legitimately fled the state to get away from Stiles.By comparison, Derek running off to his cabin was nothing. He might as well not have gone anywhere. Scott was a true believer of ‘go big or go home,’ apparently.When Stiles walked back into the restaurant, Isaac and Boyd looked a little uncomfortable. Erica and Peter looked amused, because they were kind of dicks.“So,” Isaac said cautiously. “You and, uh... you and Scott. You know each other?”“Literally since before we were born. Our moms met when they were both pregnant.”“Oh,” Isaac said, startled. “You’re the human!”Stiles frowned. “He talked about me?”“Not by name, and not very often,” Erica offered. “Derek is usually around when Scott is, and given we all know how Derek feels about humans, he tried not to mention you too much.”“How he feels about some humans,” Peter said, sounding amused. His wine looked fuller than it had when Stiles left, so he was assuming he’d ordered another drink. “Stiles has a way with getting under people’s skin.”Stiles sighed and just let the others talk about the pack. For the most part, they were referencing things Stiles kind of already knew, but occasionally they’d bring up something he didn’t understand and he’d ask them to clarify.When their meals arrived, Stiles pretty much had a spiritual experience, because he’d never eaten an eighty dollar steak before, and it was amazing. While he didn’t like the whole pack paying for his meal, since he didn’t feel like he was truly pack, he was going to take at least this one steak for his troubles the past few months.It wasn’t until hours later, when they were leaving the restaurant and confirming everyone’s schedules at the coffeehouse, that something occurred to Stiles and he froze, turning back to Isaac.“Wait,” he said, stopping him in his tracks, “you said that the emotions are super intense when people are doing the hanky panky, and that Scott’s pretty bad when he’s with his girlfriend, right? Can we, like—can we feel that across the country?” He knew Scott had felt his rage earlier, but maybe rage was stronger?“Oh yeah,” Isaac said with a sad nod. “We can definitely feel it.”Stiles’ heart sank. “Kira’s visiting him this weekend.”The other Betas all groaned and Stiles felt like his next conversation with Scott was going to be really, really uncomfortable.He might never be able to look Kira in the eye ever again.When Stiles showed up for work the following day, he was scheduled to work with Boyd, which probably explained his immediate halt when he walked into the coffeeshop and found Derek at the till, counting it down.Derek didn’t acknowledge him, but the tense set to his shoulders the second Stiles opened the door made it clear he knew exactly who’d just walked in.Pulling his strap higher on his shoulder, Stiles walked up to the till, Derek still looking down at what he was doing and pointedly ignoring him.“Hey,” Stiles offered. “Welcome back.”“Thanks,” Derek muttered, slamming the till shut much harder than was necessary.“Get a lot of writing done?”“No.”“Oh.”Silence. Awkward silence.“Um, you working with me tonight? Or did you do the morning shift?”“With you.”“Cool.”“Yeah.”Silence.“Oh my God, just kiss already!”Stiles didn’t need to be a Werewolf to hear Erica from the back, and he turned to glare at the door. Sure, all this was easy for them. They didn’t understand the weird and precarious relationship he and Derek had. Stiles felt like one wrong move would have Derek either tearing his throat out, or running back for his Camaro to head to his cabin-that-isn’t-really-a-cabin in the woods.Clearing his throat awkwardly, Stiles slapped the counter once, then motioned the back door, heading for it and disappearing through it. He punched Erica hard—and only hurt himself, but whatever—when he passed her, then headed for the lockers so he could shove his bag into it.Erica followed him, moving up right into his personal space and wrapping an arm around him.“So? What’s the plan?”“Plan?”“You and Derek. You have a plan, right?”“He doesn’t have a plan,” Isaac insisted, coming out of the washroom while drying his hands with paper towel. “Look at his face. He doesn’t even know how gone for him Derek is.”Both he and Erica tensed and glanced at the door leading to the front, Derek clearly having said something terrifying that Stiles couldn’t hear with his puny human ears.“There’s no plan,” Stiles insisted with a sigh, slamming his locker shut and grabbing his apron. “I think we need to work on our friendship before anything else. He still acts like I’m an inconvenience to have around, so there’s that.”“Well, no time like the present!” Erica said jovially, shoving him forcefully for the back door and through it. Stiles slammed right into Derek, who’d been on his way into the back.“Sorry,” he muttered, side-stepping him and rubbing at his injured arm. “Your pack sucks, by the way.”“Your pack, too,” Derek reminded him before he disappeared.Stiles sighed. He made his way to the till, forcing a smile when a couple walked in. He tried for a pun, but none came to mind so he just took their order, got them their coffees and snacks, and bid them a good night.He felt like it was going to be weird, now. He was pack, which, okay, fine, whatever. Still weird, but that was okay. The thing he didn’t know how to handle was Derek. He still acted like he hated him, but apparently he liked him? Like, I-want-to-kiss-your-face-until-you-can’t-breathe liked him? He didn’t even know how to handle that.Stiles felt like he didn’t have much of an opinion of Derek, if he was honest. He wasn’t his favourite person, that was for sure, but he’d mellowed out the past two months. He was less of a dick, and he was attractive, and he could kiss like nobody’s business. And it wasn’t that he was a dude, because Stiles was an equal opportunist—he felt like he couldn’t afford to be picky about who to date, not like there was a line-up out his door. He just... he didn’t know Derek.And he felt like he kind of wanted to. Knowing what he did now, he wanted to get to know Derek.When Derek finally came back out, probably forced out by Erica since he was clearly hiding from him, Stiles watched him while Derek moved around at the other end of the counter, cleaning things up that were already clean and re-organizing items that didn’t need organizing.Stiles allowed it for a few minutes, then looked around the shop. It was still early evening, and the sun was actually still out, which was comforting after months of darkness due to winter. The shop only had two people in it, one near the back working furiously on something with notebooks, papers and their computer spread out across two tables. They also had four plates and three mugs, showing they’d been there for a while and had probably been keeping themselves satiated by buying the various treats the display case had to offer. The other person was an older man by the window, sipping his coffee and staring out at the people passing by.No one else. Just them, and him and Derek.Stiles turned back to Derek, picked up a sugar packet, and tossed it at him. It hit him in the cheek and Derek froze, but didn’t turn to him.“What’s your favourite movie?” Stiles asked.At this, Derek did turn, giving him a weird look. “What?”“Your favourite movie,” Stiles repeated. “What is it?”For a second, it looked like Derek wasn’t going to answer. Then, finally, he said, “Citizen Kane.”“Huh,” Stiles said. “I’ve never seen it. Is it good? What’s it about? Why do you like it?”Derek didn’t seem to understand what they were doing, but he answered anyway, explaining that the story itself was interesting and that the cinematography and the music were well ahead of its time for the nineteen-forties. Stiles listened while he spoke about it, noting Derek’s mannerisms and the way he seemed to be getting more and more into the discussion the more questions Stiles asked.It didn’t sound like his kind of movie, especially given its year of release, but he could appreciate all the reasons Derek was interested in it, and he told him so. When Derek asked about his, Stiles immediately started on his ode to Star Wars. Of course, that wasn’t the only thing he liked—he was quite fond of Indiana Jones as well as the Terminator movies—but Star Wars was just...“It does things to me, you know? Like cowboys in space, except not, and there’s kind of like, magic, but also not? And there’s twists and turns and everything is just so amazing and advanced, and George Lucas is a treasure.” Stiles grinned. “Seriously, I love them. Have you seen them?”“Who hasn’t?” Derek demanded with a scoff.“Scott.”“Well, we can change that.” Derek smirked. “I can make it a mandatory pack thing.”Stiles laughed and said he was down for that, but only if he was present because no way was Scott watching Star Wars for the first time without him.Derek had relaxed while they’d been speaking, leaning back against the counter with his arms crossed, but not in a defensive way. In a calm and relaxed way, like he felt at ease, and was enjoying their conversation. Stiles didn’t really know how he felt, because the whole emotions thing didn’t exactly translate properly when it was just regular feelings, but he liked to think he was comfortable right then.“What about books?” Stiles asked, not wanting the conversation to halt. “Any books you like?”“It varies.” Derek reached up to scratch at his chin, the sound of his nails against his beard doing things to Stiles. It should not be as fucking sexy as he felt it was and good Lord, what was happening to him right now?When Derek wasn’t being an asshole, he really did things to Stiles, holy shit.“Like what?” Stiles forced out.“I like some of the new stuff. Maze Runner, Ready Player One, that kind of thing. But I also like some of the older classics, like Count of Monte Cristo and Ender’s Game and things like that.”“Ah. So science fiction and revenge stories.” Stiles smirked a little. “But hey, Maze Runner was totally entertaining. I really liked it. So that’s cool you liked it, too.”“What kind of genre do you like?” Derek asked curiously.Stiles shrugged. “I’m kind of all over the place. As long as it’s entertaining, I’ll read it.” He winced, but knew he had to admit this, because Derek had been pretty open about a few things back at the cabin. “Actually, um... right now I’m kind of sort of maybe a little tiny bit obsessed with, uh, you know, Michael Wolfe.”The right corner of Derek’s mouth quirked upwards at those words. “Is that right?”“Yeah,” Stiles admitted awkwardly. “He’s got—it’s just... really good writing. And compelling story. I like that it’s really focussed on the story, you know? There’s no unnecessary romantic tension between the two mains, they’ve both got their own things going on, and it’s super diverse. I mean, two Supernatural detectives, one of whom is of Asian descent, along with their human roommate who’s African American and works for NASA, and there’s the lesbian neighbour, and the asexual lab technician and just... it’s kind of got everything. And apparently the next book is going to have a deaf Fae or something?”“Or something,” Derek agreed with a mysterious smile.“Like—it’s amazing. It’s so awesome how inclusive everything is, and the story just... it sucks you in. I never know what’s coming next. It’s just... the guy’s got talent,” Stiles finished, feeling like he’d gushed enough.“I’d like to think he has at least a little talent,” Derek agreed, but Stiles could tell he was extremely happy to hear such high praise.“Do you think there’d ever be the possibility of like, a movie? Or a TV show? Just, you know, hypothetically speaking for the author.” Stiles didn’t think the two people in the shop were listening—well, the one at the back working furiously on whatever certainly wasn’t—but just in case, he didn’t want to out Derek as Michael Wolfe.“I suppose it depends on if someone approached him with a pitch for a TV show.” Derek shrugged. “I think Mr. Wolfe would be very difficult to work with, though. He probably wouldn’t get much interest.”“I don’t know, I think he’s pretty okay to work with when you get to know him.”Derek let out a small laugh, but his smile slowly slid off his face and his features hardened. Stiles frowned at the abrupt change, but when the door opened and he turned, he recognized why.Matt had just walked in. Terrific.“Hi,” Stiles said obediently, because it was still his job. “The usual?”“Sure,” Matt replied.When Stiles went to get his drink started, he heard Matt inhale like he was going to say something, but Derek was suddenly at the till barking out the price. Matt obediently paid, and when the drink was ready, Derek took it from Stiles’ hand as carefully as he could manage while clearly annoyed, and then slammed it on the counter in front of Matt. Some of it sloshed over the sides, likely burning his hand, but he just kept eye contact with Matt the whole time.“You know, this is terrible customer service,” Matt insisted coldly. “You should be careful, I have a pretty popular online blog for the town. I give one poor review, and this place will lose business so fast your poor uncle will blink and the store will be closed.”“I’m sure he’d live.” Derek smiled, all teeth. “As for your blog, it’s not nearly as well travelled as you seem to think it is. I’ve seen it, and I’ve also seen better.” He pushed the coffee closer to Matt. “Take it and get out. Leave my boyfriend alone.”“You don’t scare me, Alpha,” Matt sneered. “You know what they say, a dog’s bark is worse than its bite.”“Not from me,” Derek insisted. “But if you’re adamant I’m not scary, what about the sheriff? Maybe you’d prefer we get him involved?”“Like the sheriff will take a wolf’s word over mine,” Matt said with a scoff.“Considering who the sheriff is,” Stiles cut in, “pretty sure he would. You know what I call the sheriff?” When Matt looked at him, Stiles grinned. “I call him dad. Pretty sure he’ll listen to me over anyone else.”It looked like Matt wasn’t sure whether or not to believe him, but it was easy enough to prove. Anyone who looked up the sheriff’s last official election would very clearly see a bored Stiles on stage with him, so it would be a stupid lie.Not that Stiles wanted to play the sheriff card, but to be fair, Derek had started it. And it was better they play the sheriff card than have Derek wolf out on him and chase him out of the shop on all fours.Though Stiles would pay good money to see that.“Get out,” Derek said again slowly, his eyes burning red and his fangs dropping, “and don’t come back. I mean it.”Matt scowled, but he seemed to recognize Derek was serious. He glanced at Stiles one last time, as if to be sure this was truly what Stiles wanted. He just waved at him with a brilliant smile on his face, which had Matt’s lips turn down in an unhappy frown before he picked up his drink, insisted the place was shit anyway, Stiles was ugly, and then stormed out.Once the door shut, Stiles laughed and slapped Derek hard on the back. “Shit, I’ve been trying to get rid of him for months. Peter’ll be mad though, he kind of liked him.”“He likes you more,” Derek grumbled. “Pretty sure he’s hoping you and Malia will hit it off so you can officially be part of his family.”Stiles’ eyebrows shot up. “What, you think he wants me to get with his daughter?”Derek turned to him. “Pretty sure he’s already got the venue for your wedding picked out.”Stiles didn’t know whether to laugh or not, because Derek looked pretty serious. He settled for a weird strangled sound, then cleared his throat and insisted he was going to grab some dinner, asking Derek if he wanted anything.When he left the shop to head over to the sandwich place two stores down, he tried to think of more things to talk to Derek about throughout the evening.So far, things were going well, and he wanted them to continue that way.Things with Derek started becoming more natural. He was less hostile, more relaxed, and most of the time when they were working together, they actually enjoyed themselves. Derek wasn’t much of a talker, but Stiles did enough speaking for the both of them.He asked as many questions as he could, though. Even though Derek didn’t talk much, when Stiles asked him questions, he answered them. It was nice, because it felt like he was starting to get to know Derek as opposed to the big, scary, human-hating Alpha.It was also nice because Derek seemed to be smoothing out around the edges a little bit. He was nicer to customers when he could tell they were human. Not to say he did a one-eighty, but he at least wasn’t rude unless the other party was rude first.Stiles would take it.He did notice Derek was more antsy than usual, though. Well, not so much notice as sense. Whenever they parted ways, Derek’s anxiety seemed to go up a notch. Stiles attributed it to the fact that he was in his pack and, while there were others who were away right now, Stiles was still one of those people who wasn’t within Derek’s immediate line of sight. As an Alpha who’d already lost one pack, he probably didn’t like that his was currently divided across various areas.Then again, Stiles had his dad, so really, Derek’s worry was redundant. His dad was the most terrifying person in town, Derek included, so if anyone came at Stiles, they’d be lucky not to get shot by the man.One Friday night, after they’d both finished up and Derek locked up shop, Stiles waved at him while heading to his Jeep and barely made it half-way there when Derek spoke.“Are you busy?”Stiles paused and turned, staring at Derek. “What?”“Are you busy?” Derek repeated, scowling a little. Always with the scowling.“Uh, right now? Like, right this second?” When Derek nodded, Stiles said, “Uh, no? Not really? I was just going to head home and probably play some video games until I got tired enough to sleep.”“Oh.”Derek didn’t say anything else. Stiles was thinking of just waiting him out, but felt like that would be mean. Derek obviously had a reason for asking, he just... didn’t seem to want to tell Stiles what it was.“Why?” Stiles finally asked.“It’s fine, don’t worry about it.” Derek shoved his hands in his pockets and started for the Camaro.Stiles hurried after him, touching his shoulder and forcing him to stop. “Hey big guy, you forget the whole pack bond thing we’ve got going on? I mean, super inconvenient most of the time, I still can’t look Boyd or Erica in the eye, but pretty great right now when you obviously want something and can’t ask for whatever reason. So...?” he prompted.Derek scowled at him again, then said, “I just—wanted to pick your brain. But you’re busy, an—”“In what universe is going home to play video games alone, by myself, with no one else, me literally being busy?” Stiles rolled his eyes and slapped Derek’s arm before moving around the Camaro so he could climb into the passenger seat.He could do these things now. Derek let him touch him, and his things, without glaring or threatening to maim him. It was allowed now, and Stiles took advantage of it because he didn’t know how to not touch people. He wasn’t as touchy-feely as the wolves were, but he did punch people in the shoulder or slap them in the back and whatnot so it was something of a relief that he was allowed to do that with Derek, now.He sat waiting for Derek, who was all tense and weird outside the car. Stiles tried not to dwell on it, because he knew the whole human-in-his-pack thing was still bothering him. Not to mention apparently Derek was in love with him, so this probably wasn’t helping him much.Man, would it be hot to fuck in the Camaro, though. But not yet. Not that Stiles wasn’t into Derek, he just felt like he wanted to make sure this was going to work before taking that leap. It’d be pretty shitty if he and Derek got together and then things didn’t work out. He didn’t want to have to break off a lifetime long friendship with Scott, not to mention the others he’d gotten close to the past year.After a few minutes, Derek finally climbed into the car and started it, resolutely looking anywhere but at Stiles.“We’re not heading up to your cabin, are we?” Stiles asked when Derek turned left out of the lot and headed down the mostly deserted road. “Because it’s pretty far, and while I know I can sleep in tomorrow, I don’t really want to fuck over my schedule too much.”“No, we’re going to Denny’s.”“Denny’s?” Stiles didn’t even remember the last time he went to Denny’s. Probably the last time he was drunk. Aside from Waffle House, which they didn’t have anywhere close to Beacon Hills, Denny’s was the best place to go when drunk because it had greasy food and there was a twenty-four hour one just before the highway.“You don’t like Denny’s?” Derek asked, looking ready to turn around and find somewhere else to go.“No, no,” Stiles insisted, throwing both hands out. “Denny’s is fine. I’m cool with Denny’s.”“Okay.”They sat in silence for about thirty seconds before Stiles couldn’t handle it. He started talking to Derek about a new TV show he was watching. He’d kind of started discussing it with him briefly at the end of their shift, but they’d been cleaning up so it hadn’t been super in-depth.Now, Stiles just talked. He explained all the things he liked about it so far, and how he hoped one of the characters didn’t die though with his luck, he probably would. The leader was kind of annoying and unrelatable, but the rest of the cast was pretty great.He got in as far as episode four by the time Derek stopped in the Denny’s lot, and he continued to give him a run-down of the episode while they headed for the door. There was only one other person there, and the waitress motioned for them to sit wherever. Derek chose the furthest corner in the back that he could, which Stiles kind of hated because the poor waitress was going to have to walk all the way back here.“The rest of the place is empty,” Stiles reminded him, motioning the entire empty space.“This conversation needs to stay private,” Derek said.“What does that mean?”Derek didn’t elaborate, because the waitress wandered over, looking tired and done with life while handing out the menus. She’d barely gotten her question out about whether or not they wanted anything to drink when Derek interrupted her.“Coffee. Black.”Stiles winced, and tried to balance out his curtness. “Can I get a chocolate milkshake please? With extra whip? I’m a fan of whip.”“Sure,” she said while writing on her notepad before turning and heading off.Stiles noticed Derek stiffen when he’d ordered and turned to him with a frown. “What?”“Nothing,” Derek said quickly, clearing his throat and perusing the menu.Stiles didn’t know for sure that he was even hungry but, well, they were here and he’d ordered a milkshake, so he might as well order some food, too.Derek put his menu down when he was ready and Stiles followed suit, waiting for him to speak. Derek was just staring across the restaurant, as if waiting for something. Eventually, the waitress came back with their drinks, setting coffee down in front of Derek, and the milkshake in front of Stiles.“Ready to order?”“Yup,” Stiles said with a smile, trying for cheerful. It didn’t seem to help, the waitress looked like her soul had left her body years ago. Working retail really did suck, Stiles could relate, but he hoped she got some nice customers for the rest of her shift so that her faith in humanity returned just a little.“What’ll it be?” she asked, clicking her pen and pressing it to her notepad.Derek ordered first. He got three appetizers—zesty nachos, mozzarella sticks and pancake puppies—and a main course—sirloin steak with both hashbrowns and seasoned fries as his sides.Stiles recognized he’d originally not been hungry, but now that he was there, he just ordered his usual, which was the Lumberjack Slam. It consisted of two pancakes, a slice of ham, two bacon strips, two sausage links, two sunny-side up eggs, two slices of toast and some hashbrowns.Derek looked a little amused at the order, but didn’t say anything while the waitress picked up their menus and took them back towards the kitchen. Stiles assumed the appetizers would come out first, and while he wasn’t positive Derek was sharing, if he did, Stiles would probably be full for his food.He didn’t dwell on it, grabbing his milkshake and pulling it closer. He’d just started to put the straw in his mouth when Derek sat up abruptly, reached across the table, and pulled the straw right out of his milkshake.“Hey!” Stiles insisted, trying to snatch it back, but Derek just stuck the chocolatey end into his mouth before tossing the straw to the side on the table. “What the hell, that was mine! How am I supposed to drink this?”“From the glass,” Derek informed him.“There’s whipped cream!”“Use your spoon!”This wasn’t the first time Derek had done something like this. Lately, whenever Stiles went to make an iced drink, Derek shoved a spoon at him and told him not to use up all the straws because they were expensive. Which was ridiculous, because so were plastic spoons!He hadn’t really thought much about it, but the more it happened, the more he felt like he should be cluing in to something.Grumbling, he grabbed his spoon from his napkin and began to eat the whipped cream off the top. The girl had given him extra, bless her, so it took a bit longer than anticipated. He’d just taken his last bite of actual cream, licking his lips, when he glanced up at Derek and saw his gaze shoot from Stiles’ mouth back up to his eyes.Stiles paused, and finally remembered the first time he’d noticed Derek acting weird about straws.On Valentine’s day.“Wait,” Stiles said slowly, pointing his spoon at Derek. “Wait, does—are you turned on when I drink things through straws?!”“Have you seen how you use a straw?” Derek asked dryly. “No, I’m not turned on. You do this weird thing with your mouth, and chase the straw with your tongue. It’s obscene.”Stiles kept staring at him. “It’s obscene and hot, is what you’re saying. You think it’s hot. You get turned on watching me drink through straws!”“No, I don’t.”“Yes you do!”“I don’t!” Derek insisted, scowling further.“Oh, so I can just ask her for another one then?” Stiles turned and started to raise one hand so he could call the waitress back over, but Derek grabbed at his wrist and pulled it back down.“Fine,” he hissed between gritted teeth. “Fine, seeing your lips wrapped around something and the way you suck does things to me. Happy?”“I mean, yeah, I am,” Stiles admitted with a grin, but he showed Derek some pity and kept his arm down, even once his wrist was released. He went back to digging into his milkshake with his spoon, which was ridiculous but whatever. At least he had a milkshake. “So, you said you wanted to pick my brain.” Stiles licked at his spoon, and tried not to grin when he saw Derek watching him like some kind of predator. He was probably going to regret taking away the straw. “Pick away. What do you need?”Derek lowered his gaze, playing with the knife on his side of the table. Stiles couldn’t help but wonder if he was avoiding looking at him because of what Stiles was doing to the spoon. He should probably be a little kinder, considering he knew how Derek felt.“How would you react to being chased?”Stiles stared at him for a long while. “Come again?”“If you were being chased, knowing the Supernatural exists but not being a part of it, how would you react?”For a few long seconds, Stiles just sat there staring at Derek, trying to figure out what was going on. Why was Derek asking him that? Was there... did he have cause for concern? Was something after him? Was this Derek trying to warn him to be careful? Or was Derek thinking of chasing him down the street as some weird Werewolf courting ritual? Should Stiles start taking up jogging or something?He must’ve been sending some kind of fear or concern down the bond because Derek frowned slightly, then his eyes widened and he sat up straighter. “This isn’t about you,” he said quickly. “I wasn’t—this isn’t about anything with you. I’m just... trying to figure something out.”“Figure what out?” Stiles demanded in a hoarse whisper. “Dude, should I be concerned?”“No, no, you’re fine,” Derek insisted, looking like he was regretting this entire conversation. “Stiles, it’s okay, nothing’s—you’re fine. It was...” He sighed and rubbed at his face, suddenly looking exhausted before blurting out, “Stanislaw won’t cooperate!”Stiles stared at him. “Who the fuck is Stanislaw?”Derek looked extremely unhappy now, but he finally sighed and leaned back in his seat, crossing his arms and scowling. “He’s a new character in the detective series. He’s a Polish police officer whose mother is the deaf Fae we were talking about the other week. He works with one of the two mains a lot in the new book, they actually both think he’s the murderer but he’s not. Once they realize that, he becomes an asset to them because while he’s human, he knows about the Supernatural world since his mother is a Fae.”Stiles was trying to figure out what this had to do with him. “So you’re—asking for... a human opinion?” he asked slowly, trying to be sure he understood.“I’m struggling to make his reactions to the Supernatural believable. He’s either too over the top, or too mellow about it. I just—wanted a human’s opinion on how he should be reacting.”That was probably the most adorable thing Stiles had ever heard.He pushed his milkshake aside and placed both hands on the table, staring intently at Derek. “What’s chasing him?”“A Lich.”“Yikes.” Stiles leaned back in his own seat, the plastic booth creaking beneath him. He stuck his spoon in his mouth, sucking on it while he tried to think. “Does he have any magic? Like, his mom’s a Fae you said, right? Can he do anything?”Derek’s eyes were following the spoon Stiles was now waving in his direction. “No. He didn’t get any magic from his mother. He’s completely human.”“Okay, well he’s a cop, right? So he has weapons.” Stiles went back to sucking on the spoon, frowning in thought. “Okay, is he near fire?”“Fire?” Derek asked, seeming confused by Stiles’ train of thought. “Uh, no. He’s being chased in a sewer.”“Gross,” Stiles informed him before pushing on. “Okay, so no fire. Well, first off, if he knows about the Supernatural, he knows a Lich is basically just another type of harder-to-kill Zombie. So he isn’t going to panic. He’ll run, because bro doesn’t want to become one of the undead, but he’ll probably use his surroundings to his advantage. He can run faster, for one thing, so there’s that. He’d probably try and turn as many corners as possible while bearing in mind where he’s going. I’m guessing he’s not overly familiar with the sewer system, but just make him follow light from manholes covers.”Stiles pulled his milkshake over again, digging another bite of the chocolatey goodness out of it and licking his spoon clean, still thinking.“He wouldn’t go up to the surface, because it would risk civilians being hurt, and he wouldn’t want to expose the Supernatural world, or it’ll pose a risk to his mother. So he’d try and make it somewhere less populated before exiting the sewer system. Lich are usually vulnerable to fire, because whatever destroys the body destroys the being, but one tiny little flame isn’t going to be hot enough. He’d have to find like, a flamethrower or something and I doubt those are just lying around. Though his mom probably has the ability to hurt the Lich, so he’d just have to find a way to contact his mom to have her come out and help him. Or the Warlock, since fireballs and all.” Stiles shrugged. “Basically as a human who knows about this shit and doesn’t want to expose the Supernatural world, since your books have that as being a secret, not to mention him being a cop, he’d probably just try his best to lure it away from people before figuring out how to deal with it. Does that help?”Derek was staring at him as if Stiles made no sense. Before either of them could speak again, the waitress appeared with the appetizers and Stiles immediately grabbed a mozzarella stick before Derek could insist all the food was his.“You’re an interesting person, Stiles.”“Is that why you named a human character after me?” Stiles asked with a grin.Even though Derek didn’t say anything, there was a brief jolt of embarrassment that vibrated down the bonds before Derek managed to reign it back in. Not fast enough though, because Stiles felt it and he smirked.He decided not to harass him though so they just sat there and ate their way through the three appetizers, Stiles having most of the mozzarella sticks because cheese was delicious and Derek didn’t seem interested in eating them. It was like he’d ordered them specifically for Stiles, but that would mean Derek listened to him when he spoke, which was a weird thought but kind of obvious now.“It’s not, by the way,” Stiles finally said when they’d finished the appetizers and their meals arrived. He was in the middle of dipping the corner of his toast into the yolk of his egg, Derek popping a fry in his mouth.“What?” Derek asked with a frown.“My name. It’s not Stanislaw. Stiles is a nickname based on Stilinski.”Derek’s chewing slowed, half a fry still between his fingers. “So... what is your name?”“Mieczyslaw.”“That’s... I think I’ll stick with Stanislaw,” Derek said.“Ha!” Stiles pointed a finger at him. “So you do admit he’s me! You’re writing about me!”“I never said I wasn’t.” Derek cut into his steak and stuck a rather large piece into his mouth. “I need more characters, and a new human will be good for everyone. You’re the only human I don’t hate, so it seemed logical I’d start with you.”“Can I read it? What you have so far?”“No.”“What? Come on! You can’t tell me you’re writing about me and then say I can’t read it.”“Sure I can.”“Asshole.” Stiles grinned, reaching across the table to steal a fry.It was a small win that he didn’t get his hand smacked for the theft.Things were good.Things were terrible! Stiles was going to hyperventilate himself into unconsciousness!He knew the others could feel it, because they kept sending calm down the bonds at him, trying to make him relax, to calm down, to stop panicking!But he couldn’t. He couldn’t stop panicking because there was a lot to panic about right now!He pulled off his shirt and switched it out for what felt like the millionth time but was probably closer to the twentieth. He didn’t have that many shirts.He checked himself out in the mirror, but he still felt... he didn’t know. He wanted to make a good impression, and somehow he felt like everything was going to go to shit.Today was the first day the entire pack was going to be together after months of separation. Pretty much all of them lived up in the Hale house, but Scott was off at university—back as of an hour ago and coming by so they could leave together soon—and apparently Malia and Cora had also been away and had now returned. Because the whole pack was back in Beacon Hills, they were having a pack dinner and because Stiles was pack, he had to go.Well, he didn’t have to go, but he was supposed to go, and he wanted to go but it was just... intimidating.He didn’t know how any of the other pack members were around humans, and he was worried they would hate him on principle. Especially Cora and Malia, since they were actually Hales and had been forced to grow up knowing humans had murdered their family.Boyd and Isaac had insisted it would be fine and that everyone was really excited to meet him, but they had to say that otherwise they risked him not showing up!And the worst part of all of this was that, yes, it was a pack dinner, but it was also a pack event. Which meant he was spending the whole night there because Derek needed to have them all there at least once to kind of... ease some tension.Scott and Stiles were both in his pack but living elsewhere so for one night, he just wanted all members of the pack under his roof. Scott said it happened every time he came back, and they had a giant sleepover in the living room. He insisted it was kind of fun, but Stiles just felt like he was going to puke.He was a horrible sleeper. He moved a lot, he snored, he drooled, and if anyone touched his pillow they were going to lose a limb. This was a disaster!“Stiles?”“What?!” He hadn’t exactly meant to scream, but his dad had startled him and he wasn’t ready to leave, and this was the worst, they were going to hate him and kick him out of the pack the second he showed up and he’d have to walk home because Scott was the one driving them there, and then he wouldn’t be able to face the others at work on Monday and God he’d have to quit and maybe move and—His dad’s hands fell onto his shoulders and gave him one firm shake. “Stop panicking. You’re going to be fine. It’ll be fun. Melissa says Scott enjoys all of his times at the Hale house. You’re just nervous because it’s your first time going over, but it’ll be fine.”“I’m human!” Stiles insisted. “They’re all Werewolves! They’re gonna hate me!”“And so what if they do? Half the pack likes you, and Derek’s on that same side of the line. You have the Alpha in your corner, don’t worry so much.” He patted his cheek lightly, then glanced around the room. “This is a mess. Have you even packed?”“No!”His dad sighed and shook his head, then went about trying to organize some of his things while Stiles slowly continued to panic. He forced himself to at least get some things ready, because he didn’t want Scott showing up to go and still be scrambling around getting his things organized. Then they’d be late to dinner and his first impression for the pack would be that human who was incapable of following a proper schedule.He’d just finished up with his bag, his dad helping him hold it closed so his pillow fit and the zipper actually shut when the door downstairs opened.“Hello? Stiles?”His dad held the bag up and patted his cheek again. “Go. Have fun. Keep things PG.”“Dad! There’s a whole pack there! Gross!” He turned on his heel and raced for the stairs, shouting back, “Bye, love you!”“Love you too, son.”It always felt nice hearing those words from his dad. He figured it made sense, considering he only had one parent to hear them from now, but still, it was nice.When he reached the bottom of the stairs, some of his nerves left him and he grinned, dropping his bag and rushing at Scott, wrapping his arms around him and hugging him tightly. Scott hugged him back, the two of them standing there hugging for a long while. It felt like forever since he’d last seen him in person.Sure, they spoke virtually every day and they texted constantly, but it had been so long since they’d physically been in the same room, and it felt so good to see him. To physically touch him, and hug him, and have him right there. God, he’d missed him. So fucking much.“Missed you, buddy.” Stiles said, slapping his back a few times before pulling away. “Also,” he said, and then punched Scott as hard as he could in the arm. “Ow! Oh God!” His hand felt like it was on fire, and Scott let out a loud squawk, asking if he was okay and insisting he could fix it. Stiles just waved him off, clutching his injured hand against his chest and wincing. “Right. Werewolf. Should’ve taken that into account, given that’s why I punched you.”“I figured.” Scott offered him a small smile, patting his back lightly. “Come on, we’re gonna be late.”Stiles grunted and grabbed his bag, flexing his injured hand and following Scott outside. He thought they were going to be taking Scott’s mother’s car, but turned out Scott wanted Stiles to drive. He insisted that Stiles would feel better knowing he had a quick escape if it got overwhelming and while that was nice, it also meant there was something to be overwhelmed about and now he was panicking a little bit.A little lot bit.When they both put their things in the back and Stiles started the Jeep, they’d barely started on their way down the street when Scott turned to him.“I’m sorry,” he blurted out. “Stiles, I’m really sorry. I didn’t mean for it to come out like this, and I was going to tell you, you know, eventually, but I was just really scared of losing you, and I didn’t have it under control for a long time. Joanna had to come to university with me for the first year to keep me under control, it was rough, and then when I got better at it, I just kept thinking about how I couldn’t handle losing you. Like, I can’t, Stiles. I kept panicking about it, and I didn’t want to lose you, and I know you’re mad about it, but I didn—”“Oh my God,” Stiles insisted, glancing at him before punching him lightly once more. He couldn’t do it harder than that or he’d hurt himself again. “Calm down. It’s fine. I mean, yeah, I was really pissed, and I still kind of am a little bit, but I think I’m more just... hurt. But I also tried to see it from your perspective, and how hard it would be to tell you if it was me who was the Werewolf. I’m sure a part of you knew I’d be fine with it, but the other part was louder and it freaked you out.”“Yeah,” Scott admitted quietly. “It did. I’m really sorry. I know you wouldn’t have cared. I know it wouldn’t have been a big deal, I know it, but at the time all I could think was ‘Stiles can’t know, he can’t know, he’ll hate me, he’ll abandon me, he can’t ever know’ so it kind of... consumed me a little bit. The fear.”“Well, we’re pack now, or whatever, so you’re gonna have to catch me up on the past few years.” He turned to grin at him. “Guessing Kira knows, what with the whole Kitsune thing she’s got going on. She probably didn’t care.”“Yeah.” Scott got a bit of a dopey smile on his face. “Kira was great when she found out. Was a little relieved, actually. She was worried I’d find her too weird to date, but when I became a wolf, it was like a ‘you’re stuck with me now’ thing. Which is fine by me, I really love her.”“Yeah, well, five years strong. If that ain’t love,” Stiles said with a laugh. “She back?”“Not yet, she’s flying in tomorrow, so I’m heading over to see her after we’re done the pack breakfast.”“That’s cool. We should do dinner, the three of us. Tomorrow or later in the week, whenever.”“Tomorrow would be awesome,” Scott said with a grin.Stiles grinned back at him, then focussed fully on the road again. “So tell me about things. Life. School. How are you?”Scott immediately started telling Stiles about the entire Werewolf side of his life. He started with a more in-depth story of how he was bitten, since he’d mostly given the cliffnotes to Stiles when he’d called him in a rage a few months back.It wasn’t until they were about twenty minutes away from his house that something occurred to Stiles and he interrupted Scott mid-sentence.“I have no idea where I’m going.” He’d honestly just been driving towards the coffeeshop out of habit.“What?” Scott frowned, then realized what he meant. “Oh. Yeah, no, you’re good. You’re headed towards the preserve, which is on track, so just keep going that way and I’ll let you know when to turn.”Scott did not, in fact, let him know when to turn. They overshot the path that led into where the Hale house was and had to backtrack. Stiles was beginning to worry because if they were late, he was positive he’d be blamed, but so far they seemed to be making good time.The path leading to the Hale house was not kind to his Jeep, but he somehow made it. When he finally saw the house, it made Derek’s cabin look like an actual cabin. The house wasn’t so much a house as it was a fucking mansion.Whenever the others complained about how much they hated all being in such close proximity sometimes, he’d imagined like... a two story house, maybe about seven or eight thousand square feet considering how many people lived there. But this place looked closer to being something like twenty thousand square feet! It had four floors, and was so large it was evident parts of the forest around it had been cut away to accommodate it. The house actually looked like it was shaped a little bit like the White House, with a center piece and two large wings out on either side. It wasn’t built like the White House at all, though. It was all dark colours and earth tones, like it was trying to blend into the foliage. It really was massive, though, and when Stiles slowly drove up the gravel path, he could see a few cars parked on either side of the path. Some were on the grass, but most were on more gravel, and Stiles figured those were the cars used the most frequently.He parked beside the last car on the left, hoping he wasn’t taking anyone’s spot, and then he and Scott climbed out. Scott was still chatting away at him about school and what he was doing for his final year, grabbing his bag from the back without a care in the world, but Stiles was still thinking about what was behind the front door.It took him a few seconds to get his bag, and once he did, Scott wrapped an arm around his shoulders and grinned at him.“Calm down. Your heart’s going a mile a minute. It’ll be fine, the food’s super good and we always have a good time. Even when Derek’s being a wet blanket.” The grin he’d been sporting slowly slid off his face and he winced, glancing at the house.Stiles figured someone had heard him and he’d just been reminded that Derek could hear him, too.Patting his back, Scott released him and headed for the porch, Stiles following him a little apprehensively, looking around. It was actually fairly bright, likely because of all the lights on inside the house, as well as the porch lights. He followed Scott up the stairs, but when his friend went to open the door, Stiles panicked.“Wait!” he insisted, grabbing Scott’s arm. “Shouldn’t we, like, knock?”Scott gave him a weird look. “You? Knocking? Funny. Besides, we’re pack. It’d be like knocking on your own front door.”Stiles would’ve been happy to argue longer, but the door opened and a girl he didn’t know was standing there, eying him up and down.He couldn’t really gauge her opinion based on her expression, but she finally said, “Huh. I’d fuck him.”“No you won’t!” someone else Stiles didn’t recognize shouted from inside the house.“She can if she wants to,” Peter called back, moving up behind the girl and putting his hand on her shoulder. “Stiles. Glad you could make it. This is my daughter, Malia.”“I’m here too,” Scott said, offering a small wave.“Yes, hello Steve.”Stiles snorted at that but Scott just scowled and moved into the house past Malia and her father. Peter motioned Stiles in and he obediently followed, the door shutting behind him. Peter’s arm was around him instantly and he pulled him through the house towards the back.Scott took Stiles’ bag when they passed him and headed up the stairs with it, presumably to drop it off somewhere. Stiles didn’t have the chance to think on it too much, because Peter was still dragging him along through the house.The kitchen was bright and lively, and looked similar to the cabin’s kitchen with a wall of windows. The only difference was that this one was massive and full of people.And enough food to feed an army.Which he supposed made sense, he’d seen the wolves eat.“Oh hey, is this the loser?” Another girl asked. She was the only one around their age he hadn’t met, so he concluded she must be Derek’s sister Cora.“This is the loser,” Erica agreed with a grin, wandering over to Stiles and squishing his cheeks. He batted her away, trying not to feel like a loser. There were a lot of people in the room he didn’t know, but so far, no looks that made him uncomfortable. A few of the adults he hadn’t met looked curious, but nobody seemed hostile, which was good.Peter dragged him around the room, introducing him to everyone, though he forgot most of their names as soon as they were said because it was a lot of names to remember. He did notice that Derek wasn’t there though, and wondered if he was still out.After he’d made the rounds and people started moving food out into the dining room, Stiles went to grab something to help when three different people stopped him immediately. One of them was Boyd, and he stared at him like Stiles had just done something terrible.“I’m sorry,” he blurted out. “I don’t—I was just trying to help. I didn’t mean—is this like, a Werewolf faux-pas?”“You can’t help,” Cora said with a small smile, walking past him with a bowl of mashed potatoes.“She means,” one of the older women said, glaring after her, “that you’re not required to help. You’re welcome to go and sit.”“Actually, why don’t you go fetch Derek?” One of the men—Stiles thought his name might be Kincaid—said with a smile. “He should be in the study.”“Sure. I can do that.” Stiles turned and walked out of the kitchen. He made it all the way back to the front hall before saying, “I mean, I would, if I knew where the study was.”He was actually a little worried he might get lost and it would take an army of Werewolves to find him. Which should be relatively easy, given this was his first time in the house so they could just follow his scent and they’d locate him in seconds.Figuring the study was on another floor, Stiles began climbing the stairs and hoped he wasn’t breaking any weird Werewolf rules. Like apparently trying to pick up a dish, which he was still really antsy about. Picking up a dish was bad? How was that bad?! Was it because he was human? But no one seemed bothered by that, as far as he could tell, and he was pack, right? So...Stiles had almost reached the landing, still thinking about the error he’d made, when he walked into someone and had to windmill his arms to avoid falling backwards down the stairs.Derek grabbed his arm and wrenched him upright again, pain lancing through him at the rough action, but he knew it was just a knee-jerk reaction and, hey! At least he didn’t fall backwards down the stairs.“Hey,” Stiles said.“Hi.” Derek was staring at him exceptionally hard. And he still hadn’t let go of his arm.“Uh, I think—dinner’s ready?” Derek looked really good right then, holy shit.Stiles had tried to clean up, tried to choose a nice shirt, be presentable and all, but Derek looked really good. He was wearing black jeans with a green Henley that made his eyes pop. It looked like he was freshly showered, and Stiles was pretty sure he’d trimmed his beard, too. All in all, he looked really delicious and wow, boners were not a good idea in a house full of Werewolves. Cease and desist with the boner.“Dinner. Right.”Why were things suddenly super intimate and awkward? Stiles didn’t like intimate and awkward!“Your house is awesome,” he blurted out.“Thank you.” Derek finally released his arm. “Your house, too.”“What? Oh. Right. Um, well, it’s more, you know, your house. But it’s awesome. And really big. Like, is there a reason it’s so big?”“We’re a lot of people.”“Right.” Stiles took one step backwards, hands in the back pockets of his jeans. “Right. Yeah. Fifteen in the pack.”“Sixteen,” Derek corrected.“Right. Me. Duh. Sorry, it’s just—I guess before getting here, it still hadn’t really...” Stiles shook his head. “Why can’t I bring dishes to the table?”“What?” Derek frowned.“Dishes. Food. To the table. I tried to help and the others said not to.”“Oh.” The expression on Derek’s face suggested he wasn’t going to be answering that question. “You don’t need to worry about doing things like that.”“Okay. Why?”“We can talk about it later.” Derek took a step down and Stiles hastily turned to go back down the stairs before he just fell down them. He and Derek reached the landing and Stiles followed him towards where the dining room was.Most of the others were already sitting, chatting amongst themselves. Scott looked a little pouty, and Stiles heard him muttering something about rules being stupid if they weren’t being followed. He paused beside him to arch an eyebrow and Scott rolled his eyes, still pouting like a child.“Newest member of the pack sits furthest from the Alpha,” Scott said sourly.“Oh.” That was uncomfortable for him. He didn’t really know anyone at this end of the table except for Scott, but he supposed it made sense in the hierarchy.Then again, when he looked around, all the seats were taken except the one at the head of the table—obviously Derek’s—and the one to his left. Boyd was seated on his right.Stiles bent down beside Scott and lowered his voice, even though he knew it wouldn’t help. He just hoped the others would be polite enough not to listen.“So uh, do I ask people to move up, or...?”“Apparently rules don’t apply to you,” Scott said dryly, still looking like a stubborn, put-out child. “You’re sitting beside Derek.”Stiles stared at him. “What? But you just said—”“We haven’t got all night, Stiles,” Peter called from the other end of the long table. “Come along.”“Is there some kind of Werewolf grace I need to know about before I screw this up?” Stiles hissed quickly.Scott shook his head. “Just don’t eat before Derek and his second do. Boyd’s his second, so once Boyd’s had his first bite, you can dig in.”“Cool. Right. Okay.”Stiles straightened and hurried down the table, feeling a lot of eyes on him. This was all extremely uncomfortable and he hated Werewolf politics and why was he sitting beside Derek, of all people? Not that he minded or anything, and Peter was on his other side, and Boyd was across from him, so it was all fine, just fine, everything was fine, super fine, so much of the fine and what the fuck was happening?!Taking the last seat somewhat awkwardly, he saw that he’d already been served, food on his plate. He hadn’t noticed at first, but they all had food on their plates. It was weird though, because he only had things he liked on his. He figured maybe Scott had served him or something, it made sense.He turned to Derek when he stood up, and this all felt very formal and weird. Stiles hoped he got used to it. Exposure usually helped, he’d have to ask to come around for dinner whenever his dad was working late. It would ensure he got used to this.“It’s been a while since we’ve all been together. This is Stiles. He’s our newest pack member. Everyone behave.”Derek started to sit back down but Peter cleared his throat. Derek scowled at him but said, “Welcome back to those of you who just returned.”He went to sit again but Peter just cleared his throat loudly once more, then coughed, giving him eyebrows. Derek looked uncomfortable, like he had no idea what to do or say, and Stiles felt like he could sense some anxiety vibrating down the bonds at him. No one else seemed to notice, but Stiles could feel it, and it was slowly mounting, like Derek was about to have a panic attack. So, hoping he wasn’t breaking some kind of Werewolf rule, he at least stayed seated so that Derek was higher than him and turned to the table at large.“I think what Derek means is that this doesn’t happen, the whole pack together, nearly as often as he’d like. Of course, it’s difficult with everyone off at school, and conflicting schedules, but it’s really nice having everyone together even if it’s just a few times a year. It’s really nice to see the Hale pack expanding and while we’re all still getting to know one another, I’m really looking forward to seeing all the awesome work everyone’s been doing to keep the Hale pack together. Tonight should be really fun, and it’s great having everyone here.” He realized he’d been speaking a lot more than he’d originally intended and coughed. “That’s, uh, what Derek meant.”Everyone was silent, and Stiles knew, he just knew he’d broken another one of those stupid Werewolf rules.Okay they weren’t stupid, he just hated it because he didn’t understand or know any of them. He’d stopped by the clinic a few times to ask Deaton about it, but the guy kept insisting only Derek could tell him about Werewolf culture as his Alpha. When he’d tried to weasel it out of the others, they kept insisting they liked their organs where they were and that it had to come from Derek.Had they met Derek?! The guy wasn’t exactly chatty!He turned to look at said un-chatty Alpha, hunching his shoulders and waiting for some kind of reprimand. Instead, he had Derek staring down at him with the softest expression Stiles had ever seen. It actually almost looked like he wanted to kiss him.Which, hey, Stiles was cool with. He was actually pretty okay with the whole Derek being into him thing. He might kind of sort of also be into Derek a little bit, too. Tiny bit. Itty bitty bit.Stiles was a horrible liar, he was so into Derek. Ever since their weird truce at Christmas he’d been falling, and now to know he was in the pack, and Derek was in love with him, and he actually had a personality, what? Stiles was so falling for him, super hard, and he totally would’ve been okay with kissing him right now.“Huh,” Cora finally said, breaking the silence and forcing everyone to look over at her. She turned to Erica, leaning forward so she could see her past Isaac. “I get it.”“Right?” Erica just grinned. “Nice speech, Derek. Thanks.”Derek scowled, told them both to shut up, and sat down. He grabbed his utensils and angrily shoved a bite of food into his mouth. Stiles was glad Scott had told him about the whole waiting thing, because he’d have started shovelling food into his mouth instantly. It all looked so delicious, he didn’t even know what he wanted to try first.He was staring down at his plate trying to decide, watching Boyd out of his peripheral so he’d know when he took a bite, but Boyd just sat there staring at him. Like he didn’t want to eat, or he wanted to make Stiles suffer, or like everyone at the table thought this was a huge joke of some kind and they were going to wait for Stiles to mess up or something.After about thirty seconds, he glanced up and saw everyone staring at him. Well, everyone but Derek, who was sulking and shovelling pasta salad into his mouth, pretending the rest of the table wasn’t there.Why was everyone staring at him?“Sometime today would be nice, Stiles,” Peter said, tone amused.“What?” he asked, looking at him, then Boyd. “But—okay, am I being punked? I specifically asked if I needed to know anything and I was told the Alpha eats first, then his second, then everyone else.”“That’s normally the order, yes,” Peter said with a small nod. “It’s been the order in our pack for a long time. But there is one other position that, once it arises, becomes second in line. So you’re next. Boyd will be after you.”“Why?” Stiles asked slowly, uncertainly.“I’m afraid I can’t say.” Peter still looked amused. “Derek, would you like to—”“Just eat your food,” he interrupted, and Stiles felt a light kick to his shin under the table. “It’s your turn, just do it.”“Someone is really going to have to answer my questions one day,” Stiles muttered, grabbing his fork. The only reason he felt like this wasn’t a trick was that Derek himself had said it was fine. If it was truly a prank, Derek wouldn’t go along with it. He was the Alpha, so he couldn’t trick Stiles into breaking a Werewolf rule and then punish him for it.Even Derek wasn’t that much of an asshole.Stiles decided on the maccaroni and cheese first, taking a bite of it and sighing happily while he chewed. It was good. Really good. Super cheesy and awesome, and delicious. He also had some hashbrowns on his plate, for some reason, but he didn’t dwell on it and just went about taking another bite while Boyd ate from his own plate. Soon afterwards, the clink of cutlery sounded down the table and everyone began to eat.Stiles felt like he was never going to get this whole Werewolf thing down, but more than that, he felt like he was missing something and nobody seemed allowed to tell him about it except Derek.He was really going to have to annoy the shit out of Derek to get himself some answers.Dinner was surprisingly fun, though a little stressful. He still wasn’t sure what everyone’s names were, but a majority of his side of the table were people he knew. He figured they were all Derek’s first Betas, though there was also family, of course.He and Peter chatted for a bit before Stiles noticed Boyd was speaking to Cora, who was beside him. That meant no one was talking to Derek, so when he and Peter were at an acceptable stopping point in their conversation, he’d turned to Derek to ask how he was liking his food and had proceeded to talk his ear off for the rest of the meal.Derek looked relieved, and it made Stiles wonder if he was just a little lonely. He was the Alpha, but he was young, something Stiles had already been thinking about when he’d gone to visit him at his cabin. Derek was doing his best, but it was probably hard being an Alpha to such a big pack when he likely just wanted to sit in his room and write all the time.When dinner was finished, Stiles stood to bring his dishes to the kitchen, but Peter just pushed him back down, smiled mysteriously, and took his plate for him. Apparently there was dessert, but they were going to eat that either during or after the mandatory pack movie they were about to watch.Stiles sat there awkwardly and watched the others clear away the table. Boyd was leaning back in his chair, arms crossed loosely over his chest and speaking to Derek in quiet tones about his weekend trip coming up with Erica. Stiles assumed Derek was listening, but he noticed the Alpha watching him out of the corner of his eye.When everyone had left the room, still in the process of clearing the table, Derek stood and headed out, motioning for Stiles to follow. Boyd trailed along behind them, hands in his pockets and looking relaxed.Derek led them into an amazingly huge living room, complete with multiple plush couches, a fifty-inch TV, an impressive surround-sound and enough pillows and blankets for the child that lived inside Stiles to flail in excitement because blanket fort!“Remember what I said about Star Wars?” Derek asked with a small smirk.“Uh, yes?” Stiles asked, wondering if he was about to have an awesome night.Derek held up Episode IV and Stiles burst out laughing before punching him in the arm. “Dude. Scott’s gonna murder me for this. I love it. Thank you!”“It’s been a while since I’ve seen it, as well.” Derek moved towards the machine so he could put it in. “Should be fun.”“Hey,” Boyd said from right beside him, making him jump. “Do you like nuts on your sundaes?”“Uh, no?” Stiles said, confused. Then he remembered he was in a house of Werewolves and they were probably in the kitchen making sundaes.Derek motioned the couches while he fiddled with the remotes and controls, so Stiles looked at them all before taking a running leap at one and grinning at how bouncy and soft it was. He could get used to this. Living with Derek felt like living with Bruce Wayne or something. Though presumably without the bat outfit.Then again, he’d never seen Derek’s closet, and he did brood enough to be mistaken for Batman so he supposed anything was possible.He got himself comfortable, pulling up a few blankets for himself since there had to be, like, thirty on the floor. He snuggled himself up in a comfortable burrito, watching the screen while it loaded. Boyd took another one of the couches, and Stiles was excited to sit with Scott and harass him the whole movie, but he didn’t know how the pack hierarchy worked in a setting like this.Derek wandered over to him, sitting down beside Stiles and tugging at his blankets.“What?” Stiles whined.“Share.”“There’re like, thirty blankets on the floor. Get your own!”Derek looked at him, eyebrows raised, and tugged once more. Stiles knew if he really wanted to tug them out from around him, he could. The fact that he wasn’t meant he was trying to give Stiles the option of actually refusing.He was so comfortable, though. Ugh.But, he relented. Because it was Derek, and once they were both under the pile of blankets, Stiles was actually a little pleased because he’d forgotten how warm Derek could be. He’d only really experienced it once, back when they’d been getting rid of Matt. Derek had pulled him into his side, all hard muscle and long lines of heat. And he’d kissed him so well, too. All commanding and demanding and taking what he wanted and wow now was not a good time for his boner, down. Down!Still, Stiles didn’t pull away from Derek where they were touching. Because he was warm and comfortable, and Derek liked him anyway so it was fine because Stiles kind of liked him, too.Scott was the first to come into the room, and he paused in the doorway when he saw Stiles and Derek on the same couch. Stiles patted the free spot on his other side, but Scott glanced at Derek first. Stiles saw him nod out of the corner of his eye, so Scott obediently moved over to them and took a seat. He had two sundaes in his hands, and he passed one over to Stiles, who grinned and took it eagerly.“This is awesome. Nice and cozy under a blanket between two Werewolves, while eating a deliciously chocolate-covered sundae. This is the life. Can we have pack dinners every night?”“We should certainly have them more often,” Peter said, wandering into the room with his daughter in tow. “Perhaps something you can change for us?”“Why would I have to change it?” Stiles asked, already digging into his ice cream. Scott had taken a bite of his, so Stiles figured the no-eating-until-the-Alpha-does rule only applied to dinner at the dinner table. “Can’t Derek just be like, ‘hey everyone, pack dinner tonight’ or whatever?”“Derek sucks with people, you think he can handle pack dinners more than once a year?” Malia asked with a scoff, falling onto another one of the couches. Stiles figured they all had their usual seats, and he knew Isaac and Scott were pretty close—courtesy of Isaac telling him so a few days back—so he wondered if Derek usually ended up sitting alone. Boyd and Erica obviously cuddled, and everyone else seemed to just... sit wherever was comfortable to them.He had to wonder if Derek always ended up eating by himself, with no one speaking to him. Sitting by himself, with no one paying attention to him. Sure the others all called him a dick, but even when he’d been a dick, he’d always taken care of Stiles. Derek just... didn’t know how to people. It was something Stiles was slowly but surely learning.When everyone was seated, he poked at Derek in the side, excitedly telling him to hurry up and unpause the movie since Scott didn’t know what it was yet. As soon as it started, someone turning off the lights so the only illumination came from the television, Scott let out a loud groan and Stiles cackled maniacally.“Man, it’s been ages since I’ve seen this,” Cora said from another one of the couches. “This is a great movie.”“Scott’s never seen it,” Derek informed them.“And now he has no choice!” Stiles thrust both fists in the air, almost dripping ice cream on himself and immediately cold since he’d been all nice and cozy warm in his cocoon. “Suck it, McCall!”“Yeah, yeah, rub it in,” Scott muttered, slouching in his seat.“I will. With glee.” Stiles got himself settled once more when the opening scrolling text began to disappear and the movie itself started.Everyone was quiet while they watched, a few people still eating their sundaes and others snuggled up against their partners. Derek had wrapped one arm around Stiles at some point, pulling him into his side, but he didn’t really notice until halfway through the movie when he realized he was getting a little too warm.Besides, Derek seemed really content. Almost happy. Stiles didn’t want to kill the mood, so he just sat there and suffered through the heat, though he suspected Derek began to notice because he did pull the blanket off just a little bit, which was something of a relief.They managed to get through Episode IV as well as Episode V, having paused between the two to put away their dessert dishes and have bathroom breaks, before it was determined they should all head to bed. Some of the pack were working the following day, including Isaac and Boyd at the coffeeshop, so it was best to call it a night.Stiles watched while the others all piled even more pillows and blankets into the middle of the room. He honestly didn’t think the adults would all go for it—well, the real adults, those older than like, forty—but surprisingly they were all making sure the area was comfortable.“It’s comforting,” one of the older men told Stiles when they saw him looking all confused. Stiles thought he must be the professor Isaac had told him about back in December. “Being close to pack, being with our Alpha. It’s calming. We don’t get it very often.”“Oh.” Stiles didn’t really know what else to say.When everything was all settled, everyone dispersed to get ready for bed. Scott wrapped an arm around Stiles’ shoulders and led him up to his room in the pack house so they could change and brush their teeth. Stiles had to wonder if he was going to have his own room in the pack house, too.“So?” Stiles asked once the door was closed and he stripped off his two shirts. “What did you think? You’ve insisted you’d hate Star Wars your whole life, but now that you’ve seen it...?”“It’s okay,” Scott acquiesced, though bitterly, while removing his own shirt. “It’s literally just cowboys in space.”“Uh, yeah,” Stiles insisted, going for his pants. “That’s exactly wha—”The door opened and both of them jumped. Why Scott jumped, Stiles didn’t know, couldn’t he hear, like, everything?“Scott, might I have a word?” Peter asked with a small smile. “Now. Quickly.”“Uh, sure?” Scott shot Stiles a confused look but exited the room, shutting the door behind him.Stiles just shrugged and finished changing out, grabbing his sweats and night shirt and pulling them on. Scott still wasn’t back, so Stiles took advantage of the en-suite, brushing his teeth and relieving himself.When he was done, Scott still wasn’t back, so he just packed his things back up, grabbed his pillow, and left his bag by the door. He exited the room and headed down the corridor and back downstairs. When he entered the sitting room, a few people were already there, chatting amongst themselves and spread out on the floor.“What’s that?” Erica asked upon spotting him.“My pyjamas?”“No, your pillow. Why did you bring your own pillow? We have plenty of pillows.”“I can’t sleep without it. It needs to be mine.” Stiles held it defensively, but Erica just shrugged and motioned the middle of the pile.He wasn’t exactly comfortable with being in the middle, considering how much he moved around, but he didn’t have a choice in the matter, apparently. So he just picked his way into the middle and put his pillow down, trying to get comfortable on his back.The others all trickled in slowly afterwards, Scott coming almost last. He looked pale and uncomfortable, and when Derek appeared behind him, he flinched and moved away from him, as if he was worried he would get attacked. Stiles just frowned at him for acting all squirrelly but ignored that when Derek plopped down beside him.Someone got the lights and the room went pitch black. Stiles was glad he was already on the blankets because he couldn’t see in the dark and would probably have killed himself trying to get to his spot.There were a few murmured good nights, and Stiles felt Erica snuggling up to him on one side. Derek was pressed right into him on the other and Stiles was positive he wasn’t going to get any sleep tonight.He just lay staring at the ceiling, listening to all the breathing around him even out. Someone near the edge was snoring, but a kick from someone else had them grunt, roll over, and return to sleep without the soundtrack.The longer he lay there, the more his eyes adjusted to the darkness. He could see vague shapes around him, and there was some kind of pattern ghosting across the ceiling. He was sure the lights outside had been turned off, so it was likely just the moon.He wondered when the next full moon was.Stiles jumped when a hand wrapped around his waist, Derek pulling him closer. “Go to sleep, Stiles,” he mumbled sleepily.“I can’t. I move around a lot.”“So move. We’re used to it.” Derek was rubbing his stubbled cheek against Stiles’ shoulder, the scratch of it coming through his shirt and against his skin. “Go to sleep.”Stiles could feel calm pushing down the bonds at him, and after a few moments, he relaxed. He closed his eyes and tried not to think about the fact that he was sandwiched between two Werewolves.His life was officially weird.Scott was acting weird. Well, to be fair, everyone was acting weird, but Stiles was okay with that for the most part. It was the Scott part of the weirdness that he didn’t like, because Scott was his brother, and they’d already had one major blowout this year. He really didn’t want another, he just wanted to know what the fuck was going on.Because Scott was avoiding him. Scott was literally avoiding him. He’d even cancelled their dinner the night after the pack event and had disappeared with Kira somewhere. There was one time where Stiles had shown up at his house, and he’d literally watched Scott speed out of the garage and down the street on his dirt bike. Right past Stiles, meaning he knew Stiles was there. And he would’ve chased him, except his Jeep wasn’t doing so hot lately and he didn’t want to aggravate it.The only time he actually managed to corner Scott to ask him what the fuck was going on was when he ambushed him at work. There were other people in the waiting room, so he had to be quiet with his ambush, but he demanded an explanation as to why Scott kept running off on him.“Look, I fucked up, okay?” Scott hissed, eyes skirting around, as if worried another pack member was there to tattle. “I didn’t know, and I did something, and I just—want to keep my distance until things are okay again.”“What does that even mean?” Stiles demanded. “What did you do?”“I can’t tell you, I’m not allowed.”“Scotty,” Stiles insisted, exasperated. “Dude, I need answers, okay? Derek’s certainly not giving them to me, and the rest of the pack keeps saying they can’t tell me. Someone needs to tell me something! I mean,” Stiles raked a hand through his hair, “I went out with Isaac the other night to see a movie, and the girl beside me was being friendly, like, not even flirting, just friendly, and Isaac lost it on her. With the teeth and the eyes and the growling. Isaac isn’t like that, but he and the others are all getting really...” He didn’t even know.“Territorial?” Scott offered quietly.“Yeah. Protective and possessive. Like, does being in the pack mean I can’t be around other people? Because my dad’s going to have words with Derek if that’s the case.”“No, it’s not about that. It’s about you. It’s because of who you are.” Scott clacked his teeth together, obviously not having meant to say that.Stiles narrowed his eyes at him. “What do you know? Did Peter tell you why everyone’s so weird around me? What is it?”“I can’t,” Scott insisted, grabbing a folder and turning to head into the back of the clinic.“No, no, you don’t get to do that!” Stiles pushed past the swinging door, hoping Deaton wouldn’t get too mad about it—the guy was chill, and apparently involved with the pack, so Stiles was hopeful—and followed Scott into the room he was trying to escape into. “Scott, you’re my best bro, you have to talk to me about this!”“Look, I’m not supposed to say anything,” Scott insisted, putting the folder down on the counter beside him while Stiles shut the door.“Scott, I won’t tell,” he insisted, motioning himself with both hands. “I promise. No one will know. I just—Derek won’t tell me and everyone else insists it has to be him. I’m kind of at an impasse.”Scott still didn’t look convinced. Stiles knew it was a dick move on his part, trying to use their friendship as a means of getting answers, but he needed answers! No one was telling him anything and he knew he was being kept out of the loop. The others didn’t want to tell him because it was up to Derek, but the others had to know Derek wasn’t going to say anything! Because he was Derek and it took Stiles saying he was going to quit and leave the pack to get Derek to admit he cared about him.Stiles needed answers! And he would play dirty if he had to just to get them, even if he felt guilty about it later!“Please?” he asked, going for his most pathetic expression ever. “I’ll do anything. Anything. Just-just tell me.”Scott stared at him for a long moment, seeming to war with himself. Stiles just did everything he could to look pathetic and finally, Scott let out a groan and covered his face with both hands.“Okay, fine. Fine.” He dragged his hands down his face, eying Stiles, then sighed and crossed his arms. He cocked his head, as if listening to make sure no one was around, then lowered his voice. “So, I don’t really know much about Werewolf hierarchy, but I do know that usually, the top is always the Alpha.”Stiles rolled his eyes. “Yeah, we all know that.”“Right.” Scott frowned. “Yeah. Well, if the Alpha is alone in the pack, then the most important person after the Alpha is his second, which is Boyd in our pack.”Dammit, he should’ve known when he’d asked Scott that he would start from the creation of the universe before getting to the point. “Still nothing new to me, buddy.”“Okay, well...” Scott winced, looking uncomfortable. “Usually, after some time, the Alpha eventually gets a, you know, a... you know.”Scott was giving him the eyebrows, trying to make Stiles read his mind, apparently.Stiles shook his head impatiently. “A what, Scott?”His friend winced. “A mate.”A what now? Stiles was pretty sure he’d misheard.“What?” he asked, just to be sure.“A mate.” Nope, he hadn’t misheard. “It’s like a significant other, but more... intense?” Scott shrugged. “I don’t really know. The Alpha and the mate’s bond is stronger. They can feel each other more than the rest of the pack.”Okay, that wasn’t good. Stiles recognized that he and Derek seemed to be particularly attuned to one another. Was it because of this... this mate bond thing they had?“Not that they don’t feel the rest of the pack,” Scott continued, completely oblivious to Stiles’ slow mental breakdown, “just that if something were to happen to the Alpha, the mate would be the first to know, and vice versa. The mate is in charge when the Alpha isn’t around. The mate is like-like the speaker of the house. Someone who can articulate what the Alpha sometimes can’t. Good negotiators, glue that keeps the pack together, makes everyone more open and willing to spend time together, things like that.”Stiles’ brain was short-circuiting. He remembered the pack dinner, when Derek had been trying to speak to the pack and floundered. Stiles had jumped in, and then thought maybe he’d fucked up, but everyone had looked pleased and Derek had been happy. And then there was the general mood in the place, like Stiles keeping Derek’s attention was making him mellow out, and thus making the whole house mellow out. Everyone had had a great time, and while they all admitted it was usually nice having the whole pack together like that, more than one person had said it was the best pack event they’d ever had. The best!And though this was before, there was still the whole presents thing. With Stiles helping Derek find decent gifts for the pack that they would like for the holidays. Derek had been trying hard on his own, but he couldn’t people, and Stiles had jumped in to help him because he could tell how important it was to Derek.Oh Jesus fuck, was Stiles Derek’s mate? How could he not know he was his mate?! Wasn’t there, like, a waiver he had to sign or something?! A consent form?!“And-and when, uh, when does the mate eat in the uh, hierarchy of it all?”Scott and Stiles stared at one another for a long while, and even though they both knew how that question was going to be answered, even though they were both well aware of what was going on, Scott still answered.“Second,” he said quietly. “The mate eats second.”Holy fucking shit. Stiles suddenly understood what had happened the other day at the house. He and Scott had known one another since birth, and they’d changed out for Lacrosse together all throughout high school. They didn’t get embarrassed or uncomfortable changing out together, because they’d been doing it for years.But if Stiles was Derek’s mate, and he was alone and changing out in front of another member of the pack... that was deemed a threat. That was like a Beta—and not even any Beta, the newest and weakest Beta—trying to steal from the Alpha.
Oh my fucking God!
And so, Stiles’ mind did what it always did when it was overloaded with information.It panicked.“Stiles, you need to calm down,” Scott insisted, looking concerned. “Your panic’s starting to leak into the bonds. Derek’s going to know something is wrong.”How the hell was he supposed to calm down?!“Dude, am I a Werewolf mate right now?” Stiles blurted out, burying both hands in his hair and beginning to pace. “Am I Derek’s mate and no one told me? How could no one tell me?! Do I get a say in this? What if I don’t want to be a mate?!”“Uh, it’s kind of too late.” Scott said with a wince.Stiles froze, turning to him. “Too late?! How too late?!”“Well, you uh, you said that you can feel Derek, right? That he’s... that you know little things about how he’s feeling?”Stiles nodded, not liking where this was going. I mean, yeah, sure, he was fine with Derek, found him hot and all, they got on, but this was... like... Stiles was still young! This sounded like Werewolf marriage!“So? Isn’t that because he made me his mate?”“Well—I mean, I don’t really understand it, but Deaton tried to explain it to me the other day and basically the only way for the bond to... solidify? Like, take hold, I guess?” Scott frowned, as if trying to think of a better word, but Stiles didn’t need a better word! He got it, okay! He understood! He motioned for Scott to get on with it. “Well, the only way for that to happen is for the feelings to be mutual. It has to go both ways. The Alpha has to accept their mate as their mate, and the mate has to accept in return.”Stiles sputtered incredulously. “I accepted nothing!”“It’s not a verbal thing, Stiles.” Scott said with a sigh. “It’s like... he did something. At one point, something happened. He did something, and you accepted it. He opened himself to you, offered up the chance to be his mate, and you took it. Whether you knew or not doesn’t change the fact that it happened.”Stiles opened his mouth to argue further, to insist he had done no such thing, because he wasn’t that stupid that he wouldn’t recognize a mate invitation when he saw one, but then he realized... he kind of... did...When he’d gone to visit Derek up at the cabin, he’d basically flat out talked about what Deaton had implied, about Derek pulling him into the pack, considering. He’d talked to Derek about it, and while he hadn’t flat out said that he was his mate, he had admitted to being in love with him. And Stiles hadn’t shot him down. Stiles hadn’t said, “Thanks, but no thanks.” He’d just taken that for what it was and asked how to proceed. He hadn’t said no, he hadn’t backed out of the pack, he hadn’t given Derek any reason to believe that he wasn’t okay with this.And when he went to the pack dinner, he’d been freaking out. Yes, a part of it was about making a good impression for the rest of the pack, but he’d also wanted to look good. And Derek had showered and dressed up a little, and had stuck close to him all night. And he’d been snuggling with Derek on the couch! He’d slept with Derek practically wrapped around him. Sure, Erica was behind him doing the same thing, but still!Stiles’ brain was fucking blown. Derek had non-verbally asked him to be his mate. And Stiles had non-verbally agreed to it without even knowing!“This is... a lot,” Stiles managed to get out.“Yeah.” Scott winced. “You can’t say anything though! Derek’s supposed to talk to you about it in his own time. I mean, everyone kind of realized you guys were mates without you realizing it, but... he has to tell you eventually.”“Right.” Stiles didn’t know what else to say. His brain was still reeling over this revelation.He was a human in a wolf pack who was apparently mated to the Alpha. The Alpha who’d hated him the second he’d met him, and who’d wanted him fired or gone. It was kind of insane to realize how much had changed over the course of a few months. It went from hatred to mates. Well, from Derek’s side, anyway. Stiles had never hated Derek. He’d thought he was a dick, but hate was a strong word, and he didn’t feel like he’d ever hated him. Disliked him, maybe, but only because he was such an asshole to him.All of that had changed after one outing in a mall when the poor guy had been buying lingerie for his friend because he was so hopelessly socially awkward.And Derek tried to be a good Alpha. Stiles had seen it during the dinner. He knew Derek wanted to do right by his pack. He worked hard, he shared all of his wealth, he had a huge house with all these areas designed for everyone to be happy, he liked spending time with them even if he didn’t know how to do that.Derek was a good Alpha, he just struggled with being social. And there was nothing wrong with that! Stiles knew Derek was trying his best, and he had to assume the others knew it, too. Derek was doing his best after being shoved into a role he wasn’t ready for at the age of sixteen.Considering, he was actually pretty damn impressive.Stiles didn’t remember driving home, but he sure hoped no one was injured on his way. Derek had texted him to ask if he was okay, likely because of the burst of panic, but Stiles responded in a way he thought was believable and he didn’t hear from him again. He had dinner alone, since his dad was working, and spent a majority of the evening just... thinking. He didn’t know how to proceed, now.It wasn’t that he didn’t like Derek, because he did, and he knew he did. He’d fallen for him hard, and he wanted to maybe try to move forward with this, but he also didn’t feel like he was good enough. The only human in a pack of Werewolves. Would any of them even listen to him? Would they resent him? A human being higher in the chain of command than any of them were? Hell, he was above Boyd, and Boyd could bench-press the fucking Jeep! Stiles knew, he’d seen him do it! Stiles was just... this puny little human who’d muscled his way into getting a job in a coffeeshop because he liked puns, and had somehow managed to muscle his way into the largest and richest pack in town. He hadn’t even known he was doing it! But what if this wasn’t even what any of them wanted? What if he’d-he’d forced himself on them, and now they were stuck with him?“Hey.”Stiles let out an impressively loud scream and flailed in his bed, trying to grab at something and settling on his alarm clock, hurling it across the room.Derek just watched it fly past him and smash against the wall, turning back to Stiles and arching an eyebrow at him.“What the fuck!” Stiles shouted, heart going a mile a minute. “Where did you come from?! How did you get in here?!”Derek was standing with his arms crossed, but he shifted his weight slightly and turned to look at the window. Great, if anyone saw him climbing up onto his roof, his dad would be home faster than Derek could say he was sorry for breaking into the sheriff’s son’s bedroom.“You could’ve knocked!”“I did,” Derek informed him. He shifted his weight, seemed to hesitate, and then went through with his original plan, uncrossing his arms and moving over to the bed, sitting down on the edge and staring at Stiles, inspecting every inch of his face. “You’re upset.”“I’m not upset! Who’s upset?! You’re upset!”Derek raised his eyebrows at him in a very clear, “Are you sure?” sort of way.Stiles deflated and rubbed at his face. “I’m not upset,” he insisted.“You know I can feel you, right?”Oh. Yeah. The thing. With the bonds. That meant the whole pack probably knew something was wrong. Excellent. The whole pack bond thing was kind of inconvenient. Now Stiles was going to get uncomfortable every time he beat off.“I’m just... thinking.”“Thinking?”“Shockingly, I do that sometimes,” Stiles said dryly, falling onto his back and groaning, rubbing his face with both hands. “Just... have a lot on my mind.”“About what?”“Stuff.”“About the pack?”“Kind of.” He couldn’t exactly say it was all about Derek! “You’re not very informative.”“I know. It’s hard. I’m sorry.”Stiles let his hands fall away from his face. “Wow, an apology? From you? To a human? Did it hurt a little?”“Shut up.” Derek rolled his eyes and shoved at Stiles to get him to move over.In one fluid movement, Derek had kicked off his shoes and shucked his leather jacket, lying down beside Stiles on the bed and staring up at the ceiling. Stiles just stared at Derek, inspecting every inch of his profile. It was a far cry from the man who’d looked at him hard enough to set him on fire the first time they met.“We should do more pack dinners.”Derek turned to him, confused. To be honest, Stiles didn’t know where it had come from either.“What?”Stiles shrugged, figuring it was out, so he might as well go with it. “We should do more pack dinners. The pack likes spending time with you.”“They hate me,” he insisted, scowling back up at the ceiling. “They think I’m an asshole.”“Well, I mean, you are an asshole,” Stiles said with a grin. “But you’re their Alpha, and you care about them. They were all really happy the other day. I know it’s hard with everyone’s schedules to do pack dinners all the time, but I think you should try and make it so that twice a week, as much of the pack that’s available should have dinner together, and once a month the whole pack should make themselves available for it. I mean, barring people away at school when it starts up again, but it’s just... nice. Everyone really likes it.”Derek was still scowling at the ceiling, but more pensive, now. Like he was trying to see what Stiles was telling him.“Really?” he finally asked, sounding uncomfortable, as if he didn’t want to admit he had no idea the pack liked their dinners together.“Yeah.” He poked Derek in the side. “You know you’re doing a good job, right?”Derek snorted, clearly not believing him.“I’m serious. Dude, how old were you when you became the Alpha?”“Sixteen.”“And look at your pack. It’s really big! And it’s still together. You care about your pack, you make sure they’re doing okay, you keep tabs on them. Hell, you came over because you could tell something was wrong with me. You care.”“You’re different,” Derek muttered.“Why is that?” Stiles’ heart started pounding in his chest even as he asked the question. He couldn’t help but wonder if Derek was going to admit it to him. If he was actually going to tell him why Stiles was different.Derek turned to him, frowning at his chest, like he could hear Stiles’ heartrate spike. Stiles realized, somewhat belatedly, that he totally could hear it. Derek’s frown turned sour.“Who told you?”“Told me what?”“Lie.”“Does it matter?” Stiles asked with a sigh.“Yes. An Alpha’s word is law. People shouldn’t be telling you things.”“Well, you weren’t telling me anything, so really, they did me a favour.” No way was Stiles ratting out Scott, though Derek would probably figure it out on his own. He wasn’t an idiot, and Scott was the newest pack member barring Stiles himself. And they were best friends. It stood to reason that if anyone was going to spill the beans, it was Scott.“I wasn’t ready,” Derek muttered. “It’s... a lot. Even for me.”“Yeah.” Stiles could relate. Derek had probably had months to come to terms with this. Stiles was on hour like, seven or something. “But... I don’t know.”“You don’t know?”“We work.”“Do we?”“I think so.” Stiles shrugged. “I mean, you’ve got the whole broody, authoritative, commanding Alpha thing going on.” Derek snorted and Stiles grinned. “I’ve got the whole talking and keeping tabs on things about the pack that are more personal and less required, you know? Like, you keep tabs on them, but in a way that matters. In a way to keep them safe and cared for. I keep tabs in the sense of making sure they’re happy and know they’re appreciated when their Alpha falls flat on showing how much he cares about them.”“I’m not that bad,” Derek muttered.“You bought Erica lingerie!”“You’re never letting me live that down.” Derek sighed.“Nope.” Stiles grinned. “And you know, you’ve shown me how much you care about me all on your own, so that’s progress.”“How so?”“You wrote me into your book.” Stiles waggled his eyebrows. “I’m a Polish police officer who happens to be human.”“Could be writing about your dad,” Derek said, the corners of his lips twitching, like he was trying not to smile, eyes still on the ceiling.“He’s not Polish.”“Neither are you.”“I’m like, a quarter Polish!” Stiles nudged Derek’s calf and the other man laughed. “You know, as a kid, I couldn’t say my name.”“It’s a mouthful,” Derek agreed.“Yeah. I called myself mischief.”“Accurate.”“Fuck you.” Stiles kicked at him again, then rolled onto his side so he was looking at Derek fully. Derek didn’t move from his position on his back, but he did turn his head, the two of them staring at one another in the darkness. Stiles suspected Derek could see him much better than he could see Derek. Not that it mattered, he could see him well enough.They lay in silence for a long while, just staring at each other. It was weirdly comfortable, and Stiles was convinced that, as scary as being an Alpha’s mate was, this actually felt like it could work. Like he and Derek were actually something possible. They fit. Maybe that was why the two of them had always had horrible relationships leading up to this point. Because they were supposed to be mates, and as fucking sappy as it sounded, Stiles really started believing that this was something that could work.“He ends up with Dryden,” Derek said what felt like hours later of comfortable silence. Stiles realized he’d been calming down the longer he lay with Derek, which was really nice. Derek was calming. Maybe it was because he was his Alpha.Maybe it was because he was his mate.“Who ends up with Dryden?” Stiles asked, wondering how they’d gone from silence to Derek talking about the Necromancer detective in his books.“Stanislaw. He ends up with Dryden. I’m writing their banter right now. Everyone else in the precinct is telling them to just give up and kiss already.”Stiles stared at Derek for a long while. As he’d been reading, he felt like Dryden and Derek were fairly similar in some cases. Not identical, of course, but similar enough that Stiles could believe Derek wrote a bit of himself into Dryden.And to discover that his bi-sexual lead detective that was kind of meant to be Derek was ending up with the Polish human who was kind of meant to be Stiles was kind of hilarious.“You are such a loser,” Stiles said, then grabbed Derek’s face with one hand and pulled himself closer, slotting their lips together.Stiles knew he’d kissed Derek once before. It had been in the coffeeshop, in front of Matt, with Derek acting as if his entire world started and ended with his lips against Stiles’. When Derek had been kissing him like a man starved of oxygen, a man who knew he was never going to have this again and would take what he could get while he could get it.This kiss wasn’t like that kiss at all.This one was slower, less urgent, but not any less territorial. Derek rolled over on top of Stiles in one fluid motion, keeping their lips pressed together and his tongue in Stiles’ mouth. His hands went everywhere, lines of heat sliding along Stiles’ skin, hips grinding down into him. Stiles dragged his nails through Derek’s hair before tugging hard, even while he pulled Derek closer, wrapping his legs around him, the back of his feet against Derek’s calves.Stiles’ hands shifted up under Derek’s shirt, dragging his nails across his back and arching his hips upwards.When Derek pulled away with a snarl, Stiles figured he’d done something wrong, but Derek hadn’t released him. He’d just pulled back from the kiss and had turned his face away, breathing hard while his features distorted and his chops grew out, the animal coming to the forefront.Stiles just pulled his face back down into his neck instead, which had Derek panting against his skin like Stiles was jerking him off or something. It only occurred to him after he’d done it that the neck was an extremely vulnerable place for a Werewolf, and Stiles had basically just invited Derek right into his.He still had his legs wrapped around Derek’s, one hand on his back and the other dragging through his hair, nails scratching idly at his scalp.“Will you stay?” Stiles asked after a few moments, Derek seeming to have calmed down. “Tonight, I mean. Can you stay?”“Yeah,” Derek said, though his voice sounded a little off. He probably still had fangs in his mouth.Stiles smiled, still scratching at his head, and closed his eyes.He slept like a rock.“We should go on a date.”Derek turned to Stiles slowly, in the process of making a customer’s drink, and stared at him like he was insane.“What?”“A date,” Stiles insisted, ignoring the rude motherfucker across from him. It was the only reason he’d decided to ask Derek out. If the asshole wanted to be a dick, then Stiles was going to pretend he wasn’t there.Realistically, the guy was lucky Derek hadn’t leapt over the counter to pummel him yet, because he was extremely protective of his mate. And while Stiles kind of liked it, he was also pretty good at taking care of himself and the protectiveness chaffed a little bit sometimes. But, it was the wolf in Derek, so he let him have it.“Are you asking me out?” Derek asked, then cursed when the milk almost overflowed and he hastily stopped what he was doing.The customer said something rude under his breath, Derek’s eyes snapping to him and flashing, but Stiles just snapped his fingers to get Derek’s attention once more. It worked, his eyes returning to his face while he started finishing up the guy’s drink without even looking at what he was doing.“We’re already basically dating so, no, I’m not asking you out. But—I’m asking you on a date? If that makes sense? Like, we’re dating but we haven’t actually, you know, dated.”“We went to Denny’s that one time,” Derek said, slapping a lid onto the drink and moving to Stiles’ side, shoving it at the customer without looking at him. The man grumbled something and hurried out of the shop, but Derek didn’t take his eyes off Stiles.“That doesn’t count, it was before, well, before. This would be after. We should do it.” Stiles checked the time. “Erica and Peter are coming around in an hour for the night shift, we should go catch a movie and grab some dinner. You know, do real couple things instead of just... weird Werewolf things.”“Werewolf things aren’t weird,” Derek insisted with a frown.“They’re kinda weird,” Stiles insisted with a grin, kissing Derek’s cheek quickly before heading for the back, grabbing the clipboard on his way. “I’m gonna do inventory, try not to murder anyone while I’m gone.”“I promise nothing.”Stiles just laughed and headed through the door, moving up to the shelves and beginning to do inventory.Things had been good lately. There were still a few bumps in the road, and Stiles knew he had a lot to learn, but he felt like he was doing really well. He and Derek talked a lot more about the pack as a whole and Werewolf culture, and he’d even gone out with them on their last full moon. He hadn’t really known what to expect, but it was just a bunch of people running around in the woods and howling.Except he did learn that all the Hales could transform into actual wolves, so there was that. It was like a giant game of tag, except with superhuman beings and Stiles unable to see in the dark like the rest of them. Somehow, he always ended up being the one chased around, even when he was the one who was ‘it.’ He figured the pack just liked having a human.Cora admitted to him one night when they’d gone out together to bond a little bit that their original pack had been full of humans. Almost half and half with Werewolves. But because of everything that had happened in their past, Derek was very anti-human. Not to the point where he hurt anyone or attacked them for being near him, but enough that he avoided them whenever possible.That had all changed in the past few months, and even Stiles could admit that Derek seemed to mellow with the customers. The only human Stiles had ever seen Derek show any respect to from the very beginning was his father, and he knew that was because they had history.It was a good thing though, because it would’ve been hard to explain the whole pack and mates thing to his dad if he didn’t like Derek. As it was, he wasn’t particularly thrilled about it, but he kind of understood it a little bit and tolerated it. Though he and Peter had gotten into it a few days back when Peter had come by to drop off a cheque for them.As predicted, because Stiles was now in the pack—and the Alpha’s mate, to boot—they wanted to pay for his last year of university. That had turned into a huge battle, because his father was a proud man, and he’d gotten Stiles through three years all on his own, and he didn’t want anyone’s charity. That had resulted in Peter wolfing out and insisting it wasn’t charity and that packs took care of their own, which had his father furious because Stiles was his ‘pack’ first and... yeah. Still a little bit of tension there, but Stiles managed a compromise.The pack would pay for his last year of university, and the money his father had saved up for him would go directly into his retirement account. That way, his dad was still paying for something for him, just... not university.Stiles was planning on finding a way to help pay his father and the pack back for everything, but Peter kept insisting that this was how a pack worked. Everything belonged to everyone, which was kind of nice, but also daunting because everyone else seemed to have a lot more money than Stiles did.He was still in the back thinking about pack dynamics, distracted from the inventory, when a hand touched his side and he jumped, turning. Derek was there, looking amused, eyes on the clipboard.“Working hard, I see.”“Got distracted thinking,” he admitted, shrugging.“Mm.” Derek kissed his temple. “The others are here. If you’re serious about going out, we should leave now before the theatre gets busy.”Stiles checked the time on his phone, then hastily went back to the front with the clipboard. Peter was counting down the till with a smirk on his face, and Erica waggled her eyebrows at him when he put the clipboard away. They’d obviously heard Derek in the back, but Stiles just stuck his tongue out at them and grinned, pulling his apron off and disappearing through the door once more. He got himself organized while Derek did whatever in the office. Once he was ready, Derek emerged and they headed out together.Both of them had their cars, but Derek’s was nicer and more likely to get damaged if left unattended all night in the lot, so they took the Camaro and left Stiles’ Jeep behind. They made it to the theatre in time for a movie they both wanted to see, which was good timing. Derek bought the tickets, but only because Stiles argued until he agreed to let him buy the food.Once they had their tickets, they headed to the lineup for the food, Stiles holding Derek’s hand since he’d grabbed it to drag him over and then had decided not to let it go. Derek seemed happy about it, anyway, if the way the bond hummed was any indication.They were one person away from the front, Stiles speaking to Derek excitedly about the movie, when he felt the hand he was holding clench to a degree that was almost painful.“Ow, ow,” Stiles insisted, slapping at Derek. “Dude.”“He’s here,” Derek snarled, eyes flashing red.“Who’s here?” Stiles demanded, frowning. The couple in front of them had just finished and moved to the side, the teller staring at them impatiently, as if urging them forward without having to say anything.“Matt.”“So what?” Stiles tugged Derek forward, ordering his snacks and poking at Derek until he forced out words that might have been a little more human than animal, but only just. “Dude.” Stiles poked him again. “Who cares about Matt? Not me, so you shouldn’t, either. He’s just a weirdo little creeper who can’t take no for an answer.” Stiles didn’t want to be obvious by looking around, but he could tell Derek knew where he was based on the way his head was tilted.“He’s watching us.”“So? That just makes him extra creepy.” Stiles grinned and pulled his hand from Derek’s, despite the fact that he tried to hold on. Stiles instead wrapped both arms around his neck and leaned up slightly so he could press his lips to Derek’s. “Are you jealous?”“Yes.”“Of Matt?”“Yes.”“That’s just dumb.” Stiles rolled his eyes and kissed him again, twice in succession. “I’m here with you, Sourwolf. Try not to ruin our first official date by being jealous of someone I kept saying no to.”He had to turn back to the till when the teller returned, paying for their food and thanking them before moving out of the lineup. His hands were full, so he couldn’t hold Derek’s, but since all Derek had was a small popcorn, he wrapped an arm possessively around Stiles’ shoulders and pulled him into his side.He was like a massive ball of anxiety until they got into the theatre, where he finally relaxed. It occurred to Stiles that Derek still wasn’t really good with people and was probably worried Matt would have this huge display of affection that would have Stiles running into his arms.Not fucking likely, but it was cute Derek thought so. Poor guy.Stiles rested his head on Derek’s shoulder during the pre-show, munching on his popcorn. When the movie started, he sat up properly, though he and Derek held hands like sappy losers when they were both done their popcorn. Stiles would never admit it, but he was totally into it. PDA wasn’t usually his thing, but he felt like that was more because he didn’t have anyone to make it his thing with. Now he did, and he loved it.They left the theatre still holding hands, Stiles excitedly recounting every piece of action he enjoyed, and they got back into the Camaro to head off to dinner. It was hard finding a place they both agreed on, because Derek wanted to spoil him and Stiles insisted he was happy so long as they were sharing a meal.They ended up settling on Denny’s, if only because it was technically their first date except not really. They even sat in the same booth, which was fun, and Stiles tried to weasel more details out of Derek about his book.Unfortunately, no dice. Even if he was dating him, Stiles had to wait for it like everyone else, though Derek did promise Stiles could be the first to read it once he got the pre-sale copies, but only if he didn’t tell Boyd.“My lips are sealed,” Stiles promised with a grin, and they moved on to other topics. They couldn’t talk about the pack, since Derek wasn’t comfortable having any Werewolf talk in a public setting, but Stiles insisted they should do things more often as a group. He suggested an Escape Room but Derek insisted the older people wouldn’t be into it.“Well, what do they like?”“I don’t know,” he admitted.“Man. Okay, well, next dinner, I’ll put the feelers out. We can always like, split the groups up, or even compromise and make it like we do this for the younger squad which the older people might not like, and then afterwards we do something they’d like that the rest of us won’t be thrilled about. It’s fair, it keeps the balance.”“I suppose.”Stiles was pleased with himself and chased his straw with his tongue before sucking down some of his milkshake, glancing up and finding Derek smiling at him almost endearingly. He paused, licking his lips.“What?”“Nothing. Just—trying to remember a time I hated you.”“It wasn’t that long ago, you know,” Stiles reminded him.“Long enough.”He leaned back then because their food had arrived and Stiles thanked the waitress before digging in. It was something he’d clarified with Derek the morning after his first night meeting the pack. During pack events, the Alpha always ate first. If it was just an outing like this, it didn’t matter. Even when they’d gone to the movies as a group, it hadn’t mattered. It was different somehow, and while Stiles was still learning, he felt like he was doing pretty well.And thankfully, mercifully, Peter had talked Derek into letting Stiles speak to Deaton about Werewolf culture. He’d begrudgingly agreed so now whenever Stiles had questions, he was allowed to ask Deaton about them. Derek was more open about things, but he still struggled a lot, so it was nice having Deaton as a fallback.The two of them bantered and flirted like idiots throughout dinner—Stiles still found it weird Derek could flirt—and then headed back out. Derek drove them back to the coffeeshop to pick up the Jeep, and then followed Stiles home.Stiles liked to think it was because Derek wasn’t ready to say goodbye yet, but knew it was more likely that Derek wanted to make sure he got home safe. Nevermind he lived with the sheriff, but whatever.Once he was parked in the driveway, he climbed out of the car and Derek did the same at the curb, engine still running. Stiles moved up to him, leaning his full weight into Derek so that the Werewolf was trapped between Stiles and the car.“You should come inside,” Stiles said, kissing Derek lightly.“Your dad’s home.”“That he is.”“He and Peter are still at war. I would rather not get involved.”“Coward,” Stiles teased, kissing him again. “See you tomorrow?”“Can’t wait.”“You’re so sappy for an asshole.” Stiles punched him lightly and pulled away.“You already know I love you, I’ve kind of hit rock bottom for embarrassment,” Derek argued.“True,” Stiles admitted, hands in his back pockets while he continued walking backwards.It occurred to him that Derek often reminded him of how much he cared about him, but Stiles didn’t really say it back. He pushed it along the bonds, everyone knew he loved and cared about Derek. Maybe not as much as Derek did him, but Stiles was still slowly getting there. He was still young, and while Derek wasn’t much older, he at least knew enough of what he wanted. Stiles cared about him, but it would be a long time before he could tell him he loved him. Not because he didn’t, but just because he wasn’t there yet.So he settled for the next best thing.“Hey, Derek,” he called, still walking backwards.“What?”Stiles grinned. “Words cannot espresso how much you bean to me.”Derek groaned and tugged open the door, but didn’t climb into the car. “I hate you.”“You adore me,” Stiles argued with a wink.“No, I hate you.”“Liar.”Derek smiled, shaking his head, and waited until Stiles was in the house before climbing into his car and driving off.Stiles smiled, moving to the living room to wrap his arms around his dad from behind, hugging him tightly.“Have a good night?”“The best,” Stiles said. He pulled back after his dad patted one of his arms a few times and headed for the stairs.So maybe he hadn’t gone into the coffeehouse all those months ago with the intention of joining a pack and getting a mate, but if that was the worst thing to happen to him, well, he certainly couldn’t complain.Derek really was the cream in his coffee, and Stiles wouldn’t have it any other way.
END.
 PART ONE “Hey, Burr! Aaron Burr!”    Alex skidded to a halt and immediately doubled over, hands on his knees, exhaling heavily towards the pavement. He really needed to utilize the on-campus gym, or at least start jogging. Oh, who was he kidding. He wasn’t going to start jogging.     “Excuse me?”     “Oh, shit, uh…” Alex stood up, realized he had said that last bit about jogging out loud, and gave the object of his pursuit his best winning grin. “Aaron Burr, sir, my name is Alexander Hamilt—”     “Okay, I’m just going to stop you right there.” The guy, Burr, held out both of his hands in a whoa gesture. He had on the nicest wool coat Alex had ever seen, with a maroon scarf wrapped around his neck to keep off the late fall chill. In short, he looked impressive, and Alex, in his ratty Chucks and baggy green sweatshirt, definitely did not. Was this a mistake? Eh, probably. Burr interrupted his internal monologue with one raised brow. “Also, Don’t call me sir. I’m not your dad. Are you going to tell me why the hell you're chasing me around campus?”     “I heard you’ve been interning at Edwards and Greene for over a year now, which is really impressive for someone your age, and... Well, I’m an undergrad, and I actually just applied to Hale, Henry, and Howe’s firm and got turned down because of my age, so, I guess I was just wondering how you got hired so early? I’ve been looking into every possible way and I applied as early as I possibly could, so how’d you do it?”     “Edwards. My mother. She put it in her will before she and my father died.”     “Shit, man, your mom was an Edwards?” Alex ran both hands through his dark hair. Well, there went his brilliant follow-in-Burr’s-footsteps idea. Family connections were something that he didn’t have. “Well, I’m sorry about your parents. I’m an orphan, too, you know, was shipped up here from the West Indies, to, I don’t know, make something of myself? Anyway, I—”     “Alexander,” Burr cut in, “ah, Hamilton? Can I buy you a drink?”     Alex stopped in his tracks, hiking his backpack up over his shoulders. “That would be nice.”     “I know a place not too far from here, if you’re free now.”     Alex nodded, following Burr down the street, and then narrowed his eyes at him. “It is like nine in the morning, Aaron, I mean, I’m all for day-drinking, but don’t you think—”     “It’s a coffee shop, Alexander, good God. Talk less.”     “What?”     “Smile more.” Burr held open the door to a nondescript, red-brick building, the bell on the doorknob jangling. Alex caught a glimpse of the wooden sign hanging outside, swinging in the breeze. A stylized colonial flag, weather-worn, with thirteen off-white stars in the shape of a circle.      Burr’s coffee shop was called Sons Of Libertea. It was written across the flag in black 18th century script. A grin crept across Alex's face.     “Aaron, this is adorable—”     And that’s when a hefty handful of coffee beans sprayed the wall behind Alex, a few pelting him right in the forehead. Burr sputtered. He must have caught a few in his mouth.     “Burr, you cheap fuck, I thought I told you to never come back here again!”     Another voice came from the back, light and accented. “Language, petite chienne, language!”     “But you—”     “I said it in French, John, no one cares if I swear in French.”     “Okay, fine.” The coffee bean slinger, presumably named John, let out a longsuffering sigh. “Burr, toi bon marche putain—”      Alex cackled. He couldn’t help himself. Burr shot him a scalding over-the-shoulder glare, and the gutter mouthed French speaker leaned over the counter into Alex’s line of vision.     “My God, does Burr have a friend?”     Alex’s first impression of John French-mouth What’s-His-Name was that he had no idea there were that many freckles in the entire universe. They scattered over the bridge of his nose, over his cheeks, down his neck, and they were even all over the part of his left arm that Alex could see slung over the bar.      “We’re not friends. This is Alexander.” Burr dodged the line and walked right up to the bar, and Alex followed in his wake. The people they skipped complained, but Burr paid them no mind. Alex figured that was a perk of being a regular.     Someone else peeked out of the back room, a very large someone, with an apron tied around his broad chest and a green beanie covering his head. “Back of the line, Burr!”     Well, nevermind.     Burr grumbled something under his breath and went to go stand in line again, and Freckleface John grabbed Alex’s arm across the counter.      “Hey, hey, you can stay up here. What's your name?”     “Hamilton,” he said, and slid into one of the seats attached to the bar. “Alex Hamilton.”     “Well, Alex Hamilton, any non-friend of Burr is a friend of mine.” He took the order of some old guy in a pressed suit —medium latte in a large cup, 106 degrees, five shots of espresso, a packet of Splenda, some other bullshit—  and turned back to Alex, starting the drink without breaking eye contact. “I’m John Laurens. Libertea’s star barista. You’re welcome.”     He slid the drink over the counter, the man muttered something about how he paid for fast service, not watching the employees flirt, until John winked at him. He left immediately, red-faced and flustered.     Alex watched as John worked his steady way through the line of customers, sometimes being charming —oh, Mrs. Ross, your art show’s next week, right? I’ll be sure to swing by— sometimes being surprisingly, scaldingly rude —Seabury, I told you, if you order a venti macchiato one more damn fucking time, this is not fucking Starbucks, you dumb shit— and finally getting to Burr.     “So, where’d you find this one, Aaron?” John asked, tucking a few curls back into his hairnet and flicking another coffee bean at Burr’s head. “He’s not even wearing a suit. I thought suits were your type.”     “He tracked me down,” Burr said, accepting the cup John slid across the counter. He hadn’t even ordered, Alex noticed, and there was a poop emoji drawn on the cup in Sharpie. “He has a million questions about my internship.”     “Oh, wonderful, another lawyer. And here I thought you were cool, Alex.” John turned to him, the biggest, saddest puppy-dog eyes present and accounted for, as well as a pouting bottom lip. “I thought you were cool.”    “I am cool.”     “Bet.” And with that, John fixed him with a stare, his deep brown eyes meeting Alex’s gaze with extreme intensity. A curl escaped his hairnet and bounced to rest on his forehead, right along a particularly dense splatter of freckles. “Hmm.”     “Uh, Burr, what is he doing?” Alex asked, glancing to the side only to find that Burr was gone, halfway across the coffee shop, sitting with his back to Alex, the Times open in his lap. He turned back to John, who had started squinting.     “Oh, he’s giving you the special.” The guy from earlier, the one with the beanie who’d yelled at Burr, ducked out of the back. Alex frowned, still keeping John’s gaze.     “Is that as dirty as it sounds?”     “Nah, it’s just a dumb thing he does. Pretends to stare into your soul and then makes a drink you’re guaranteed to love. Works on guys, girls—”     “Everyone but Burr,” John said, still staring, “because he doesn’t have a soul.”     “Laurens…” Burr’s warning voice floated over the general babble of the coffeeshop, and John winked.      “Okay, I got it. Herc, distract him while I prepare to blow him away.”     “Fine.” The big guy, Herc, took John’s place sitting in front of Alex. For the first time, Alex noticed that his apron was covered in a tapestry of thread, sewn in colorful swirls and patterns. It was so tastefully worked into the apron’s original design (a colonial flag, of course), that it was indiscernible from a distance. A needle (looped around with blue thread) poked through the fabric just above his nametag, which read Hercules.      “Greek myths, much?” Alex commented without thinking, realizing only a second after he said it that this guy could probably break him in half if he wanted to. “Hey man, I didn't mean—”      “Hercules Mulligan,” Herc interrupted with a slight bow, more of a flourish, really. “At your service. I specialize in mixing tea, lifting heavy things, and fixing rips in shirts, pants, and everything in between.”      “So that’s all you?” Alex asked, gesturing at the needlework on his apron. He nodded proudly.     “Lee hates it, so of course I gotta keep doing it. I’m going to do Laf’s next, or maybe John’s.” He leaned back. “Hey, John, you want me to do your apron next, or—”     The door to the kitchen slammed open and another person stormed out, his dark hair pulled back into a fluffy ponytail secured by a colorful headband and a supremely indignant expression on his face.      “Hercules Mulligan, you told me three weeks ago that as soon as you were finished with yours, we would—” He took a breath and extended a hand to Alex. “Bonsoir, welcome to Libertea, my name is Gilbert du Motier, nice to meet you—”     He turned to face Hercules again.     “—swap and you would do mine, I have been waiting for months—”     Herc looked over at Alex and waggled his eyebrows.      “I’m in high demand. Also, I know his nametag says Gil, but we all call him Lafayette. He does food, I do tea, John does coffee.”     The other guy, the French one —Alex couldn’t help wondering what was up with these names, there were completely normal names like John, and then came a Hercules and a Gilbert, Lafayette, whatever— punched Hercules in the arm.      “Do not pick John over me, you slimy little—”     The rest of his insult was lost as John emerged from wherever he’d disappeared to, drink in hand, grin on face. He slid it across the counter.     “First one’s on the house, Libertea policy.”     “That’s not our policy,” Herc said.     “It is when Lee’s not around,” John replied, nudging the drink closer to Alex. “C’mon. Try it. Try it.”     Alex did just that, picking it up (okay, so it’s an iced drink. Iced drinks in the middle of fall. I can deal with that, fine), taking a sip (this is freezing, why did John think this was a good idea), and falling straight on his ass in love (there is sugar in this and chocolate in this and coffee in this, holy fucking—).      “—shit!” he said, going back in for another long sip. Brainfreeze. Another long sip. More brainfreeze. “This is the best fucking thing I’ve ever had in my entire life!”     John elbowed Lafayette. “Eight for eight.”     Before Alex could ask who else John had created drinks for, the front door opened, bell jangling wildly. Hercules whipped off his beanie and shoved it into his back pocket.     “Morning, sir,” John said, adjusting his hairnet, grabbing a rag from out of thin air, and wiping the counter down with it.      A tall, imposing bald man in a long woolen coat took a seat at the bar right next to Alex. John was sliding him a drink within seconds, and Alex noted that the cup was bare except for one Sharpie-d star in the corner.      “Good morning,” the man said after taking one, two, three sips of his coffee. “And thank you, Mr. Laurens. Impeccable, as usual.”     “Anything for the boss,” John said, saluting with his rag. “You here for the day? Or—”     “I have an eleven o’clock,” the man, their boss, said, taking another long drink. “Lee should be in around noon. I trust that our marquis will keep a tight ship until then?”     He gave a pointed glance to Lafayette, who nodded enthusiastically.     “Yes sir, Mr. Washington. I’ll keep John under control. You know, earlier this morning—”     John threw his rag and it hit Lafayette straight in the mouth. After witnessing a long session of sputtered French curses, Washington chuckled and stood up.      “Behave yourselves. I’ll be back soon enough, mid-afternoon at the latest.”     He threw his cup into the kitchen window, and there was the unmistakable sound of a garbage bag rustling. He grinned at Alex.     “Sorry, I didn’t catch your name.”     “Uh, it’s Alex,” he said, taking Washington’s hand and shaking it. “Alex Hamilton.”     “Well, Mr. Hamilton, thank you for choosing Sons Of Libertea. I hope to see you around.”     “Wait, sir,” John said, and Washington turned back. “Remember what you said when you fired Arnold a few weeks ago?”     “I say a lot of things, John,” Washington replied with the well-concealed patience of a dad. Or a particularly resigned coffee shop owner. “What did I say about Arnold?”     “You said, and I quote, the next person we hire needs to be a lawyer or some shit, because I’m tired of dealing with these crooks myself, end quote.”     “That does sound like me.”     “Well,” John said, gesturing at Alex’s entire being, “I found him! Our new lawyer! Lawyer slash barista slash French speaker, suck it Mulligan.”     “Hey,” Herc said, but Washington had approached the counter again, and was looking Alex straight in the eye. It was a weird sort of look, it made him want to run and finish his degree that very second, it made him want to write his dissertation about the effects of freedom and liberty on mankind, it honestly made him want to fight someone. It was exhilarating.      “Are you looking for a job, son?”     “Not really,” Alex said, and then revised. “Um, well, yes, but I was looking for something more in the, ah, legal department…”     “And how are you paying for your tuition?” Damn, this guy doesn't mess around.      Alex shrugged. “Okay, fine, I need a job like, yesterday. But you really want me to work here? I didn’t even have an interview. I don't know anything about coffee except that it smells good and keeps me awake.”     “That’s really all you need to know,” John whispered.     “You're bright, energetic, and, if you want it, I think you could be the man for the job.” Washington held out his hand again, and this time, Alex didn’t hesitate. Intrinsically aware of Burr watching him from across the room and John grinning to his right, Alex grasped Washington’s hand and pumped it up and down.     “When do I start?”     Hercules threw him an apron. “Get back here and I’ll show you the ropes before Lee shows up.”     Washington smiled at him, and something about that made Alex so inexplicably happy that he would have agreed to anything right there on the spot, just to make this man he’d just met proud of him.  Wow, Alex, this is your inner self. Tone down the daddy issues.      “Boom,” his new boss said, and clapped him on the shoulder. Alex just about died, inner self be damned. “Welcome aboard.”     His hand landed on Alex’s shoulder two more times, he pointed a you’d better have everything under control finger at Lafayette, and was gone, the door’s string of bells jangling in his wake. Burr replaced him in an instant, sliding onto the stool next to Alex.     “So, what was all that about?” he asked, exuding a thick layer of I don’t really care overtop a core of tell me right now. “What did Washington want?”     “He gave Alex a job,” John said, jumping up to sit on the counter. “Thanks... to...”     “Yeah, thanks for that, man!” Alex used the stool as leverage to get onto the counter beside John. He looped the apron strings around his waist and tied them in front like he’d seen Hercules do earlier. “Just met you today and I already owe you one.”     “More like two,” John said, “the drink. Three, I threw those coffee beans at Burr. Four--”     “Enough,” Burr said. “Alexander, you took the job? What about your internship?”     “I can still apply for my internships, Burr, I’ll just multitask. School, work, internships. Easy-peasy. I’m Alexander Hamilton, bitch!”     He leapt down, into the opposite side of the coffeeshop, high-fived John, accepted a hairnet from Lafayette, and ignored how Burr was still glaring at him from the other side of the counter.     “Okay, let’s start with espresso,” John said, guiding him over to the machine. “Be careful when you’re making shots, because even if you screw up, you’re not allowed to put anything in the garbage. You gotta drink it. Company policy, here at Libertea, we do not throw away our shots…”Arthur almost misses the tiny little coffee shop, Freya’s, tucked away between a florist, whose front terrace is overflowing with plants—greenery stretching in all directions, spilling on the sidewalk, and tall plastic buckets full of colourful flowers—and a quaint bakery, with small round tables and white folding chairs out front. It’s the smell that stops him. The delicious, tantalizing, heavenly, and desperately craved smell of coffee. No, Arthur is not a caffeine addict alright? It’s just... he has had a really, really shitty morning, and few things can make him feel better than highly caffeinated and overly sugary drinks.The smell is coming through a small window beside the door, under which is a small shelf full of stirring sticks, packets of sugar and cups of milk, like a little drive-thru for coffee. Arthur smiles and goes in.The shop is small, but warm, all wood and plants, and shiny chromed coffee machines. There are a few tables on the ground floor, in front and on the side of the counter, and at the back a few stairs lead to a small loft with a few more tables, taking advantage of the height of the room, rather than its lack of depth or width. It’s charming and homey, the sun slanting in through the tall windows behind him, softening shadows and bathing everything in warm browns and soft greens. Arthur is already more relaxed, it all seeps into him, settles around him like a warm blanket and refuses to let go.The place is also practically empty, except for a cute, petite brunette behind the counter and a young man sitting at one of the tables beside the stairs, coffee cup in one hand and papers strewn all over in front of him. They both look up when he comes in with a jangle of tiny bells.“Hi!” the woman says. “What can I do for you?”Arthur smiles at her, taking a look at her nametag—Freya, must be the owner—before turning his attention to the blackboard behind her where everything is carefully written in yellow and white chalk. “Caffe latte, please,” he says after a moment.“Cup or bowl?”Arthur laughs a little and passes his hand through his hair. “Bowl, please.”“That kind of day, huh?”“Yeah. Yeah, that kind of day.” He sighs. “Should be ready soon. You can sit down and I’ll bring it to you when it’s ready.”“Thank you.”Arthur looks around. The man sitting by the stairs looks quickly back down at his papers when Arthur’s gaze falls on him. Arthur just nods at him when the man glances furtively back at him.He goes up the stairs and sits in the corner by the rail. From there he can see the whole cafe and the street outside. He takes a few moments to breathe in deeply. Everything smells fresh and sugary, the aroma of coffee strong but not overwhelming. Faint bossa nova music plays in the background and he can hear Freya hum softly to it before her voice is swallowed by the sound of the coffee machine.Arthur leans a bit on the rail and takes a look at the man below. He’s circling and writing in red pen on the papers in front of him, occasionally taking a sip from his cup. He’s a teacher perhaps, though he looks young. The essays he’s correcting look long though, longer than high school papers would be, but he seems too young to be a university professor.This is something he and Morgana used to do all the time when they were younger, always stuck in some fancy event, or boring dinner or anything equally dull. They’d look at the people around them, try to guess who they are, how old, what they do or what they are like, before inevitably veering into pure fantasy and imagining them whole scandalous lives that became more and more salacious and inappropriate as they grew older. The whole thing became a habit and they kept doing it when they were in uni, or out at a pub, a restaurant, until Arthur found himself half doing it in his head even when he wasn’t with Morgana. He tries to keep it to the more tasteful, based in observable facts, side of the game though. Otherwise that’d possibly be a tad too creepy. Not that Morgana has ever had any such qualms. She’s a terrible influence.By the time Freya climbs the stairs carefully holding a plate with his bowl of coffee and some biscuits, so as to not spill any of it, he has concluded that the man is either a high school teacher, and these essays are not as complicated or long as they look, or he’s a uni professor that looks younger than he is—especially since Arthur can’t see his face properly—or a uni student himself, helping with corrections, perhaps doing his Masters or PhD.He feels like Sherlock Holmes.Freya smiles at him when she puts his coffee in front of him. He cups the bowl in his hands and lets the warmth spread through his fingers.“Are you the owner?” he asks with a small movement of his chin to indicate her nametag.Her hand goes to it, but she smiles even wider.“I am.”“It’s a really nice establishment you have. Really, really nice.” And Arthur means it. It’s calm and warm, clean and airy. It smells nice and makes you want to curl inside of it and never step foot outside again.Freya blushes.“You haven’t even tasted the coffee yet.”“It’s the best coffee in the world,” the man downstairs says loudly.“Shut up, Merlin,” Freya shouts back, but she has a pleased look on her face.Arthur takes a look downstairs and is met with large blue eyes behind black-framed glasses, sharp cheekbones, and a wicked grin. Arthur grins back then raises an eyebrow at Freya. “Best in the world, huh?”Freya waves her hand dismissively in front of her.“Best. In. The World.” the man, Merlin, yells once more.Freya just laughs and walks toward the stairs.“Hope you like it, sir,” she says over her shoulder, before going back down.Arthur takes one more look at Merlin, but he’s back to correcting his papers, head bent low over them. Arthur brings his bowl of coffee slowly to his lips and takes a small, scorchingly good, sip. He has to make an effort not to moan. It’s sweet and bitter and smooth on his tongue, just in the right amounts, strong and warm down his throat, spreading through his whole body. He lets out a sigh—it may or may not come out more as a contented moan. God, this must be what heaven feels like. He relaxes in his chair, loosening his muscles. Can he just stay here and never go out ever again? Surely one can subsist a fair amount of time on coffee and biscuits, right?His gaze drifts back down once more and meets Merlin’s eyes again. Merlin raises his eyebrows in a Right? gesture and Arthur nods. Right.Freya is at the counter apparently working on a crossword puzzle in the newspaper.“Definitely, the best coffee I’ve ever had,” Arthur says loud enough for her to hear. She looks up and smiles back.“Glad to hear it!”Merlin beams at him. Then he blushes and looks back down at his papers. Arthur chuckles low and drinks some more.*****Merlin furrows his brow in thought as he chews on the tip of his pen. It’s the third monday, after that first time, that Arthur is at Freya’s. He comes in at the same time, and Freya is always there, behind the counter, and so is Merlin at the same table. It’s already a bit familiar somehow, and Arthur has taken to greeting Freya by her first name when he comes in and nods at Merlin, who always nods back with a blinding grin. He doesn’t really talk to them. Just order something new—thinks he wants to try everything on the menu—sits at the same spot in the loft by the rail, drinks his coffee, read some work papers or a book, and listens to them chat. Merlin is usually working on something, but today he only has a novel with him, now resting face down on the table while Freya asks for his help with her crossword puzzle. Which seems to mean asking him every single questions.He’s good though, Merlin. He’s really, really good.“Eggy,” he says after a while, and Freya writes it down.Arthur looks down at his own newspaper opened at the crossword puzzle page where he half filled it up this morning while eating toasts. He wrote the same answer. He gives himself a small mental tap on the back. Well done, Arthur.“Went to and fro. Six letters. Starts with ‘sw’.”Swayed, Arthur thinks. It goes on like this until the whole puzzle is filled. Sometimes they’re interrupted by customers coming in and while Freya prepares their orders, Arthur tries to finish filling it by himself. When it’s time for him to leave, the puzzle is finished and he’s happy that he was only missing one word—which Merlin didn’t find either, and it’s not really a competition, but it makes him happy nonetheless. He goes back down and brings Freya his empty cup.“Thank you, sir. Have a nice day!” she says as he’s about to leave.He turns around and looks at her.“Arthur."“See you next Monday then, Arthur?”He nods at her and, after a moment of hesitation, at Merlin as well, before leaving.***He scans the shop and sees no free places. The loft is full, all tables downstairs are as well, and people are waiting outside to get their coffee through the little drive-thru window.“Hi, Arthur!” Freya says while ringing up a customer. “Sorry, it’s a bit busy today.”“No problem," Arthur says, and gets in line to order. There’s another girl there with Freya, making the coffees and taking orders at the window. He doesn’t know why he’s surprised at that. He had never seen anybody else help Freya before, but it’s obvious she would have other employees helping her once in a while.But still, he resents all these people who dare invade his little weekly haven and disturb the only moment in his week where he feels he can truly relax—where said relaxation doesn’t involved a copious amount of alcohol at a pub with Gwaine and Leon on Friday nights, and a Saturday spent on the couch nursing a hangover.He orders a coffee to go and Freya offers him a quick apologetic smile. He takes a look around just to see if maybe someone has left a free place somewhere, until his eyes land on Merlin, at the same tiny two-place table as usual, in the corner by the stairs.Merlin gives him a small wave and a smile—a bit shy and a bit daring and how that is possible Arthur doesn’t know—and pushes the chair in front of him with his foot in a clear invitation.Arthur hesitates for a moment, but makes his way through the people. He sits down with a sigh.“Thanks,” he says. Merlin just shrugs. “I’m Merlin, by the way.”Arthur wants to say he knows, but stops himself. He’s not sure if Merlin would think it’s weird that Arthur has basically spent the last few weeks just hanging out on the outskirts listening to Freya and him doing crossword puzzles.“Arthur,” he says instead.Merlin smiles and looks back down at his book, biting his lip.Arthur grabs the newspaper he had folded under his arm, a pen stuck in between the pages and opens it to the puzzle. He hadn’t had the time to start it this morning and had been planning on working on it at the same time as Merlin and Freya, but he guesses now he’ll just have to try and solve it himself.From the corner of his eyes, he sees Merlin glance at it.“Wanna help?”

“Sure.” Something warm unfurls inside Arthur when Merlin scoots his chair a bit closer to be able to lean over and read more properly. He takes a large gulp of coffee until he can’t distinguish which warmth is filling him.They go back and forth for a while, Merlin looking at the horizontal clues, Arthur at the vertical ones, asking each other questions when they’re not sure. Arthur likes the sound of Merlin’s voice when he’s so close. It’s low and soft, but steady. Merlin might have looked shy, but Arthur doesn’t think he is really. He likes the way Merlin traces the lines of the puzzle with a long finger and how he impatiently grabs the pen a few times to jot something down in the margins. Arthur laughs when Merlin put the tip of it in his mouth, seemingly unaware, until he realises and looks at him, eyes wide.“Fuck, I’m sorry,” he says to Arthur and grimaces at the pen as if it’s the pen’s fault for somehow having jumped into his mouth. “No worries, mate.”Merlin digs around in his bag for a moment and gives Arthur one of his pens.“I swear I didn’t chew on this one. Keep it.”Arthur wants to protest. It’s just a bloody pen after all. But Merlin looks like a kicked puppy and really no grown man should look like that. It’s a bit irresistible. Which, wow, unfair really.“So what do you do, Merlin?” Arthur asks not looking up from the puzzle.“I’m working on my Master’s degree,” Merlin says. “That’s ‘clamored’,”“What?’“Twenty-Eight Down. Clamored.”Arthur takes a look and nods. “Good call. What do you study?”“Children’s Literature,” Merlin says, his voice wavering a bit, and when Arthur looks up at him, there’s a sort of daring gleam in his eyes, as if he expects Arthur to mock him or something. Arthur thinks it’s brilliant, actually.“My favorite was always ‘The Phantom Tollbooth’,” he says.Merlin blinks at him a few times, then smiles a wide, blinding smile that makes his eyes crinkle at the corners, dimples in his cheeks. It changes his whole face and shows all of his teeth and Arthur suddenly wants to lick them and wow okay, that’s a bit weird. “You’ve got good taste,” Merlin says approvingly, and maybe a bit surprised. Arthur isn’t sure if he should be pleased or offended.“The best,” he replies with a quirked eyebrow.Merlin just rolls his eyes and looks back down at their crossword puzzle, but Arthur can still see the quirk of his lips.The shop has emptied a little. Arthur stretches his back and looks at Freya and her employee work. Freya is all smiles and nice words, ringing customers orders and chatting with them. The other girl is quiet and a bit hunched on herself, but Arthur can see her hands sure and fast on the machines, never missing a beat and nodding when Freya tells her an order.“That’s Sefa,” Merlin says following Arthur’s gaze. “She works here part-time. She’s a student like me. Undergrad though. There’s also Deagal, who works on the weekends. Nice bloke. Takes care of his sick sister a lot.”“You seem to know everybody,” Arthur says, turning back to look at Merlin.Merlin just grins. “Yeah, well, I like coffee, and Freya’s—”“—the best coffee in the world." And he has to agree. Fuck, this place, not just the coffee, is the best place he has found in a long time that didn’t want to make him murder someone (work) or bury himself in takeaways, bad TV, and wallowing (home). If he’s honest with himself he’d probably admit that the fact he feels this way is not completely due to the place and the absolutely delicious coffee, but also maybe it’s a bit because of Freya and Merlin and maybe even those fucking crossword puzzles he never used to give a damn about except when he needed something to do at the table during Sunday brunches with his father. Sefa comes to their table to refill their cups of coffee. “Thanks,” Merlin says, frowning at the puzzle. He’s been stuck on 15-across.“Do you think it’s going to break down and tell you the answer if you stare at it long enough?” Arthur tells him.“Oh, ha ha. Drink your coffee.”“Thank you, Sefa,” Arthur says as she finishes pouring. “That’s very nice of you.”Sefa only ducks her head and blushes faintly. Merlin snorts.“What?”“Nothing.”“Are you laughing at my manners, Merlin?" Arthur asks with fake affrontement. Merlin just giggles a bit. “Do you also carry a handkerchief and help maidens step over puddles by laying your jacket on the ground?”Arthur scoffs. “Please, that’s so passé, I carry them over in my big manly arms, obviously.”“I’m sure you do.” Merlin nods, mock-serious. “Do they also swoon after such display of manliness and decorum?”“I’d consider it a personal failure and affront to my very person if they didn’t.”“Of course. How rude of them.”“Damn right.”Arthur takes a sip of coffee to hide his widening smile and the flush he feels spreading inside his chest, crawling up his neck. Merlin bites his lip and giggles some more in his fist—and really it shouldn’t be so attractive, but it is, in a strange way, very endearing. Arthur has the sudden urge to push off Merlin’s fringe from his forehead and brush his cheekbone with his thumb and he has no idea where that’s coming from.Well, fuck.He clears his throat. “So... Are you and Freya, um, you know...”Merlin’s face falls a little. “Together? No. We’re just old friends. I’ve known her since middle school. She’s my best mate.”“That’s... nice.” He can’t quite explain the relief he feels at that.“Is it?” Merlin asks, cocking his head to the side.“What?”“Nothing,” Merlin says, shaking his head. He smooths the newspaper in front of him, pale skin a stark contrast against the greys and black and Arthur wants to wraps his hand around his fingers maybe, just to stop him. Because fidgeting is annoying.“She’s single, you know,” Merlin mumbles and darts a look at Arthur quickly.“Who? Freya?”“Yeah.”Merlin is now looking intently at him and Arthur isn’t sure what...oh. Oh. Well, that’s a bit awkward. How does Arthur tell Merlin that he’s not interested in Freya at all without insulting Merlin’s best mate and without blurting out something inappropriate like I’m really not into vaginas, Merlin. I quite like cocks, actually?Fortunately, he’s saved by the girl in question when she drops in a chair beside their table. The shop is now quieter and only a few customers are left, quietly chatting at some tables.Freya sighs. “Thank fuck. I needed a break.”“Everything okay?” Arthur says.“Yeah, just a bit tired. Everything alright for you?” She frowns at Merlin.Merlin beams at her, but even Arthur can see it’s a bit forced and he knows he’s missing something. “Yeah, we’re doing the puzzle in today’s paper.”“Oooookay. I’ll be going next door for a bit, Sefa will stay here until I’m back.”“Sure thing, Frey. Bring me back—”“—a lemon square, I know. See you later Arthur,” Freya says on her way out.“Bye, Freya!” Arthur turns to Merlin. “Next door?”By now Merlin is back to his cheery self, and Arthur almost thinks he imagined his brief sullenness.“The bakery. Our friend Percy owns it.”“Do you know everyone around here, Merlin?”Merlin laughs. “Pretty much. Percy owns the bakery, Freya the coffee shop, and our other friend, Mithian, the flower shop next door.”“How did that even happened?”“Um, funny story actually. We were all having this huge party after graduation, and we were all sloshed, and a bit sad to be honest, none of us quite knowing what to do now, you know, how the future is scary and all that.”Arthur just raises an eyebrow at him and Merlin takes a considering look. “Well maybe not you. You seem like the kind of person who always knows exactly what he wants and how to get it. Wanker.”Arthur gives him an unimpressed look. “I apologise for being a well-adjusted and driven person, Merlin. Clearly I got it all wrong.”Merlin just pushes against his shoulder with a small laugh. Arthur is amazed for a moment at how they got here so fast, and how natural it feels. It reminds him of Leon and how when Leon was the new kid in ninth grade Arthur asked him if he wanted to play footie with them, and Leon said yes, and they were never far apart after that. It had just happened, falling into each other’s lives as if they belonged.“Whatever,” Merlin says. “Mithian was going on about how she wished she could have something just simple and nice, like a flower shop. Her mother used to have one when she was younger and she’d always wanted one of her own. And then Freya and Percy bemoaned the fact that they couldn’t have what they wanted because rent is too expensive blah blah. And then I think eventually they sort of decided to buy this big office place here and divide it in three and share the cost or something. I must admit I’m a bit fuzzy on the details, I think I was having a rather lovely discussion with a bottle of wine at that point.”Arthur laughs. “Well, that, I can relate to.”“Wine is such a good conversationalist.”“The best.”“Finally someone who understands our love,” Merlin says putting a hand on his chest and fluttering his eyelashes.Arthur just laughs and looks at his watch.“Shit. I have to run. I have to meet a friend,” he says wrinkling his nose.“Wow, Arthur, so much enthusiasm.”Arthur rolls his eyes and pushes his chair back.“It’s not that. It’s my mate Leon. He’s going to ask my sister to marry him, poor soul, and he wants me to help him choose a ring. As if I’d know better what Morgana likes.”“Wouldn’t you?”“I don’t know. All I know is that if it’s not satisfactory, she’s just going to blame me. Leon probably knows that, and I bet that’s why he asked me to come with him, arsehole.”“Well,” Merlin says rubbing his hands on his jeans. “I’m glad we finally got around to talking a bit.”Arthur stands in front of him, a sudden fondness coming over him, and he can’t quite understand it because it’s not like he really knows Merlin. Maybe it’s more the sudden certainty that he wants to know him more. And that’s a bit new actually. He might even have felt this way the moment he set foot in Freya’s coffee shop that first time. Because it’s simple and nice and comforting and so is Merlin, in a way, and Arthur wants.He really, really does.***Merlin snorts. “Course it is, what else could it be?”“I don’t know. But I’m pretty sure that that’s not it.”“Why not?”“Well, for one, “moored” has six letters not five and I’m pretty sure it doesn't apply to planes.”Merlin grabs the paper and looks at it carefully. “Damn.”Arthur pets him on the head. “It’s okay Merlin. It’s not your fault you can’t spell. I’m sure there are extraneous circumstances.”Merlin bats at his hand. “Sod off.”Once again it’s just Merlin, Freya and him in the shop today and Arthur—while reluctantly grateful to the hordes of customers that made him and Merlin finally talk to each other—is quite happy to be back to their normal quietness of early monday afternoons.Arthur’s been coming to the coffee shop every Monday a while now. He looks forward to each of them with growing anticipation, his Sundays seeming needlessly long. He looks forward to the atmosphere, to walking through the door and letting the now familiar smell embrace him, the smooth music filling his ears along with the whistle of the coffee machine and Freya’s quiet humming—her happy greeting and Hey Arthur, what’s it going to be today?. He always chats with her while she makes his order and then he goes to sit with Merlin who always closes his computer or book, or puts his paper aside, stopping whatever he’s doing—Arthur would feel bad about this if it wasn’t for how Merlin really doesn’t seem to mind and also that Arthur is a selfish bastard. Together they do the crossword puzzle in the newspaper while talking about nothing in particular.It’s a sort of routine, but it always feels new, yet comforting in its familiarity. Arthur loves it. He can spend the rest of the week yelling at people, or being yelled at, pulling his hair out and dealing with disgruntled clients, he knows he has this moment all to himself.The bells over the door ring and a man comes in. Freya turns around to greet him and as soon as she sees him her face splits into the widest smile Arthur has ever seen her make. He raises an eyebrow at Merlin.“That’s Owen,” Merlin whispers, leaning toward him and Arthur can feel the ghost of his breath on his ear and tries not to shiver. “They’ve been seeing each other for a couple of weeks. Totally besotted if you ask me. Bit sickening.”Arthur laughs. “Good for her.”Merlin pulls back and looks at him questioningly. “It doesn’t... it doesn’t bother you?”“Why would it… oh, for fuck’s sake Merlin, I do not have a crush on Freya.”“No?”“No. If I did, I’d have asked her out ages ago.”“Bit presumptuous, don’t you think?” Merlin grins.“Please, what woman could resist this,” Arthur says, gesturing to his body.“What woman indeed. And here I thought they’d go for your charming personality.”“That too.”Merlin shakes his head, and Arthur looks at him from the corner of his eyes.The truth is he loves his Mondays at Freya’s so much he even moves meetings around at work so he won’t lose the time to go, but he can’t even pretend it’s only because he likes the place and the soothing abilities it has on his mind, or even the incredible coffee. Sure that helps a lot, and it’s a bit what got him coming back the second time, and the third and probably the fourth, but at one point it became more about the people as well. Freya. And Merlin. And even, when Arthur finally got to meet them, Percy—a giant of a man who somehow found his vocation in baking cupcakes—as well as Mithian—a gorgeous brunette with large glasses and magical green thumbs. They’re wonderful people, really, and it’s like Arthur finds himself falling in love with them in a way, the way he fell in love with Freya’s shop as soon as he stepped in it. Like a moment of mutual recognition.He looks at Owen and Freya making loving eyes at each other and giggling into their hands, blushing like children.“Ugh.”Merlin laughs. “Like I said, bit sickening.”Arthur cocks his head to the side, trailing his eyes down Owen’s body. “Nice arse though, Freya’s got good taste.”He grins when he hears Merlin choke on his coffee. Well done, Pendragon.“Yeah,” Merlin wheezes, “it is a nice arse isn’t it?”Arthur only takes a sip of his coffee and says nothing, though he can’t quite refrain from smiling, nor can he stop the warmth that spreads inside of him. The one he doesn’t even have the energy anymore to blame on the coffee.He’s happy.He sits beside Merlin and they both lean down over the crossword puzzle and argue over words and clues and make a small competition out of it. Merlin eats the tips of all the pens and feels sorry afterwards. He takes notes in the margins, because neither of them is apparently smart enough to just bring a pencil instead. Sometimes they talk about Merlin’s thesis, or Arthur’s work, or how Mithian’s new employee is really into activism, or how Morgana did like the ring and no Arthur hadn’t been avoiding her for three days after the proposal just in case.When Owen leaves, Freya comes to sit with them, a dreamy, happy look on her face and a general glow of happiness following her.“Nice bloke.” Arthur nods at the door.“He is, isn't he?” Freya smiles.“Yeah, Arthur was just telling me how he approves of his arse,” Merlin says cheerfully. Freya only raises her eyebrows at Arthur, then smirks at Merlin. “It seems that Arthur might have good taste.”“He does, doesn’t he?”“Well he still has to prove it a bit.” Freya glances at him.“Arthur is right here and can hear you.”“I wonder what else Arthur approves of,” Freya says.“I wonder too."“I bet it’s wonderful.“Wonderful, and charming, and maybe a bit pretty?”“Definitely.”“Arthur is going to leave now, you tossers.”***“Hey Arthur!”“Hey Freya,” he says walking to the counter. “Where’s Merlin?”Freya smiles a bit sadly. “There was a change in his schedule. He told me to say hi though. Also, apparently, two across is ‘plantation’”.“Oh. Right.”Freya makes his order and he sits at Merlin’s table, opening his newspaper. It doesn’t feel right though. It feels like something is missing and Arthur can’t shake the way his stomach is twisted or how uncomfortable the chair seems to be suddenly and especially how he doesn’t care about the fucking crossword puzzle. It starts raining outside, the light taking a grey edge and Arthur feels weirdly validated.He’s confused and annoyed. He’s also weirdly angry at Merlin for not being here, which is stupid and unreasonable, but he can’t really help it and that forces him to really look at things because he hates it when he doesn’t understand something. Freya comes to sit with him and they talk for a bit, but his mind isn’t in it at all. It’s the first time he’s gone without seeing Merlin in weeks and it’s just... something is off. He takes a sip of his coffee, burns his tongue at the same time as a realization strikes him right in the chest. He chokes on his coffee and Freya gently taps him on the back then gets up to get him some water. He coughs and his throat burns, but all he can think about is how he misses Merlin.It was wrong not to have Merlin smiling at him as soon as he walked through the door, and it’s wrong now not to have him make some clever quip or another about Arthur not being able to drink properly. It’s wrong in so many tiny ways, and bloody hell, it’s wrong to be doing that fucking crossword puzzle on his own.In truth, he likes that he now knows how Merlin takes his coffee and how he prefers texting because he hates answering his mobile. He likes how, when Percy comes in, Merlin basically jumps on him, wraps his long legs around his waist, and hugs him just to see Percy blush a little (because apparently the man is a puppy or something equally cute). He likes that when Mithian comes in and they are all having a bit of a chat, Merlin’s face lights up. He talks rapidly with his hands in a way that makes Arthur both want to watch and grab his fingers to stop him fidgeting. It’s so obvious that Merlin cares. He likes the way Merlin laughs, ducking his head like he’s shy, but really he’s just hiding how pleased he is. He likes this place, and he likes Freya and how it always smells of coffee and flowers and sugar. He likes the way the light pools into the room on sunny days, and the sounds of the machines, the bells over the door. He likes Percy and Mithian and Sefa and everything else. But it’s Merlin really, in the end, that makes everything seem cohesive and complete and lovely in a way that Arthur didn’t know how to recognize. It’s Merlin. Damn it all. He’s a fucking idiot. Of course it’s Merlin.When he’s ready to leave he kisses Freya on her cheeks as usual, pays for his coffee.“Can you tell Merlin—”“I’ll tell him you said hi when he comes on Wednesday, yeah?” Freya says leaning her chin on her hand, a knowing smile on her face that makes Arthur narrow his eyes at her.“Wednesday?”“Yeah, he’ll be here on Wednesday. Mid-afternoon.”“Oh. Well. Tell him I said hi?”“I will.”There’s a moment of silence where Arthur’s not sure what to do. “Bye, Arthur.”“Bye, Freya.”***When he enters the bakery he goes straight to the counter where Percy is arranging some pastries in the display by the cash register. Surprisingly, Mithian is there as well. When she sees him, her eyes go wide and she turns to Percy who looks at Arthur, then back at her. Then they both look at him and back at each other and now Arthur’s confused.“It’s Wednesday,” Mithian says to Percy.Percy nods. “It’s Wednesday.”They both smile.“Um, right. Hello to you too,” Arthur says. “Lemon square, Percy, please.”Mithian gasps and smiles wider at Percy. “Lemon square,” she says.“Lemon square.” Percy grins.Apparently Arthur just walked in the Twilight Zone. Or he’s missing something. Again. Damnit.“Don’t you have a shop to run, Mithian?” he grumbles.She waves her hand dismissively in front of her. “Kara is taking care of it for now.”Oh, Arthur remembers Kara. “She’s the one that ranted at me for having leather shoes, isn’t she?”Mithian nods. “She’s a bit... zealous about her ideals, you could say, but her flower arrangements are to die for.”“Well, if her flower arrangements are to die for, all’s good then.” He’s not bitter, he’s not.Percy rings up Arthur’s lemon square and wraps it up in a paper brown bag for him. “Anything else, Arthur?”“No, thanks Percy.”“Going to Freya’s now?” Mithian asks.“Yes, I am. I guess I’ll see you both later?” “Oh you will,” Mithian says with a grin and Arthur decides to ignore her completely. Her and Percy and their smirking conspiringly at each other, and their inside jokes and oh god they know. He resists the urge to look back at them when he leaves. Arthur doesn’t let himself be too nervous about it and enters the coffee shop before he has time to think about it twice. As soon as she sees him Freya squeals excitedly and claps her hands and it becomes all too clear that there won’t be any subtlety to be had in all this.So he walks to Merlin’s table, where Merlin is sitting, as he’s supposed to be—where Arthur can find him and sit next to him and tell him that the answer to today’s puzzle’s twenty-down is ‘crazy about’ and would you look at that coincidence. As he comes close to the table, Merlin sees him and stands up fast, grinning at him and Arthur is a bit at a loss as to what to say so he just hands over the paper bag he’s holding.“I bought you a lemon square,” he says and cringes a little. Way to sound pathetic, Arthur, really, it’s some smooth moves you’ve got there.But Merlin only takes the bag in his hands, eyes wide and a bit surprised. He’s careful with it like the whole thing is fragile and could break if not handled very carefully. There’s a fondness in his eyes when he looks back at Arthur. It makes his breath catch in his throat and his heart hammer against his ribcage.He feels ridiculous and a bit inadequate, like he’s fifteen again and asking Rosemary Byrd to the school dance. But then again, she said yes and he got to snog her in the janitor’s closet so maybe he’ll be lucky again.He takes a deep breath. “I’d like to take you out for dinner, if you want,” he says. “I’d invite you for coffee, but I think we’re a bit past that now.”Merlin just rolls his eyes, but he bites his lip and smiles again, still holding the stupid paper bag to his chest.“I’d like that,” he says. “Very much.”“Good. I’m going to kiss you now.”“Please, do.”Arthur brings a hand to Merlin’s face and rubs his thumb over his cheekbone. He remembers vaguely having wanted to do that pretty early on. It’s a bit amazing that he is doing it now and maybe he got lost in the moment because Merlin huffs an impatient laugh and leans forward to plant his lips on Arthur’s.It’s soft and warm, and far too chaste, but Merlin tastes like coffee and cream and something completely his own. Arthur just wants more.“I was really hoping you’d come,” Merlin whispers against Arthur’s lips.“I was mostly hoping I didn’t get the lemon square wrong,” Arthur says back with a grin.Merlin pulls back a little to give him a punch on the shoulder and darts back in for another kiss effectively cutting what Arthur was about to say, so it becomes just an incomprehensible noise between their lips.“So eloquent, Arthur,” Merlin teases. “I’m completely wooed by your verbosity.”“Oh, shut it. We can’t all have your superior skills with words. I least I have manly arms to take you over puddles so you don’t wet your dainty feet.” “Yeah, about that...” Merlin says, wrinkling his nose, “I may have cheated a bit on the puzzles.”Arthur just looks at him dubiously, not really sure he understands where this is going or why Merlin is talking about crossword puzzles when he could be kissing Arthur instead.Merlin looks down and blushes a bit. “I was sort of banking on you, well, liking men for one, because that’s always a plus, really, would be a bit of a waste if you asked me but—“Merlin.”“Yeah, right. So I was also kind of hoping you liked smart ones, too. I know it’s a bit ridiculous, but it was the only way I could think of to get your attention.”For a moment Merlin looks both insecure and sort of annoyed at himself, but Arthur can only laugh. “You’re a smooth one, aren’t you?”“Oi! Don’t take the piss. It’s hard you know, when you look like me... and you look like you and well...”Arthur wraps his arms around Merlin’s waist. “Merlin. If you are seriously telling me that you have some kind of ridiculous case of self-image issues, I must warn you that we will have to forgo our dinner and I will have to do very inappropriate things to you to show you how very, very stupid you are.”Merlin grins at him, playful and sweet at the same time and fuck he really, really is a goner. “Well, if that’s the case,” Merlin says, “I must let you know that I’m way too skinny, and my ears are too big, and I’m sorry I’m generally an uncoordinated mess, and I have an ugly mole behind my right knee and my second toe is longer than the big one and—”“Right. That’s it. You asked for it. Where do you live?”Merlin laughs, loud and bright, and shoves his things into his bag. “On the way, let’s find a puddle somewhere so I can test these manly arms of yours.”“Only if you promise to swoon afterwards.”“Deal.”Merlin grins at him, re-adjusting his bag on his shoulder and Arthur grabs his hand, wrapping his fingers around Merlin’s—tight and warm and familiar and right. To stop him fidgeting. Obviously.Stiles is practically dead on his feet by the time he manages to stagger through the coffee shop door and to the front counter. Really, he should be used to getting up at six am, but apparently summer has completely undone all of the hard work he’s put into his college sleep schedule. Well, at least he’s feeling better than he did freshman year, when he was under the impression that he could stay up until three am partying and still be functional for his eight am organic chemistry lecture. (Hint: He couldn’t.)“You’re not on something, are you?” he hears someone grumble, reminding him that he’s spent the last few moments zoning out instead of placing his order.Stiles shoots the blond, douche-y looking guy a glare. He’s just tired, not high.“I’ll have a, uh, medium mocha,” Stiles finally says, squinting up at the drink menu on the back wall. “Name?” Douche-y blond guy asks, picking up a disposable paper cup.“Stiles,” Stiles replies, grimacing as he watches the guy scribble down ‘Stuart’ on the side of the cup. Whatever. It’s not worth the trouble of trying to get him to change it.He pays and tries not to get too annoyed when the guy puts his change down on the counter instead of directly into his hand, but it’s fairly difficult. He supposes there’s a reason why this guy got stuck with the very early morning shift. Stiles sighs and makes his way down to the drink pick-up area, leaning up against the counter and pulling his phone out of his pocket. He blinks blearily down at the screen before letting out a little groan and shoving it back into his pocket. He’s too tired to focus on much of anything right now. Instead, he finds himself glancing over the counter at where the barista is making his drink – and hello gorgeous.Stiles decides that it’s way too early in the morning to deal with a shoulder to waist ratio that perfect. Or eyes that multi-colored. Or, you know, all of this guy.“Mocha for Stuart?” the barista says, glancing over at Stiles, and it’s all he can do not to start drooling.The barista frowns and squints down at the name scribbled on the side of the cup before looking around at the pretty much empty coffee shop again. Jesus, Stiles is pretty sure it he’s going to completely to mush once he hears the guy call out his name to –Oh. Wait.“Shit, um, that’s me!” Stiles blurts out, his cheeks heating. “I’m kind of useless without caffeine, so. Yeah. Sorry.”“Right,” Hot Barista – Derek, according to his nametag – says, eyeing him skeptically. He hands over the coffee, though.“Thanks, man,” Stiles replies, smiling weakly. Cleary Derek already thinks he’s a weirdo.“Have a nice day,” Derek answers, his voice gruff, but it seems at least a little bit sincere. A little bit.“You too,” Stiles says before hightailing it out of there. He’s pretty sure every minute he spends in the guy’s presence is equal to another embarrassing thing that comes out of his mouth. He’s practically a volcano of awkwardness. It’s a problem.“Well, there’s another coffee shop I’m never going to again,” Stiles mutters to himself once he’s safely out of the building.Really, he’s a hopeless case.---He goes back the next morning. Lydia’s right – he’s horrible at knowing when to give up and cut his losses. Maybe he has some sort of humiliation kink, which, yeah, he probably shouldn’t be examining too closely when hot-as-fuck barista Derek is standing less than ten feet away.“Name?” Douche-y guy – who’s apparently ‘Jackson’ – asks, his tone less than friendly.“Stiles,” Stiles replies, letting out a little sigh and resisting the urge to roll his eyes as he watches Jackson write ‘Stuart’ again. Maybe he should just go with it, star calling himself ‘Stuart’ or whatever. It would certainly cut down on the awkward explanations he has to give to people on how, yes, his name actually is Stiles, and, no, it’s not his given name, thank you very much.Nah, he likes it too much to give it up now.Stiles meanders on down to the drink pick up area again, his hands shoved into his pockets as he does his best to subtly admire Derek the Barista. He’s not being that creepy, is he? And a tough looking guy like Derek would tell him off if he was, right? Then again, maybe he’s so used to people checking him out that he doesn’t notice anymore.Damn, those biceps, though.“Here,” Derek says suddenly, thrusting his mocha at him with a scowl and breaking Stiles out of his increasingly vivid daydream.“Oh, uh, thanks,” Stiles replies, fumbling with the coffee cup and nearly dropping it, Derek eyeing him like he’s a disaster just waiting to happen. Which, admittedly, he is, about seventy five percent of the time.Stiles’ brain screeches to a halt, though, as he realizes that Derek hadn’t called out his name (or, well, ‘Stuart’), but had instead just handed him his mocha. Derek had remembered him.Of course, now Derek’s giving him an odd look, which probably means he’s grinning like a loon.“You should get a travel mug,” Derek says suddenly, bringing Stiles back down to earth.“What?” Stiles replies, not entirely sure what Derek’s trying to tell him.“You should get a travel mug,” Derek repeats, staring at the paper cup in Stiles’ hand pointedly. “You get ten cents off your drink. It also saves on paper waste.”“So you like the environment,” Stiles says, berating himself as soon as the words leave his mouth. He sounds so awkward. Then again, he supposes he can’t really be blamed for not being able to function in the face of such hotness.“It’s my major,” Derek replies, shrugging.“The environment is your major?” Stiles asks, confused.“Environmental studies,” Derek clarifies.Oh lord, please let the earth swallow him up now in order to save him from further humiliation.“That’s cool,” Stiles replies, now guiltily fiddling with the paper cup in his hands.Derek nods.“Right,” Stiles continues when Derek makes no move to say anything else. “I should probably get going now.”Awkward.---He goes back anyway. Of course he goes back. He blearily makes his way towards the counter and really, it’s hard not to just make grabby hands when he gets there, still too out of it to form coherent words.“Medium mocha,” he manages, but just barely, yawning and rubbing his eyes. “For – ”“Stuart, right?” the person at the counter says, making Stiles freeze. He carefully opens his eyes to get a good look at the person addressing him, only to realize that it is not, in fact, Jackson. Instead it’s Derek staring at him with an expression he can’t quite decipher.“Where’s Jackson?” Stiles blurts out – not that he actually wants to see Jackson again, mind you.“He quit yesterday,” Derek replies.“That’s nice,” Stiles says absently, freezing and looking over at Derek with wide eyes once he realizes what he’d just said. “Er, I mean, that’s not – ”“He was horrible at dealing with customers and even worse at making drinks,” Derek interrupts, and Stiles is relieved to find that his tone is amused. It even looks like he’s trying to suppress a smile.“So are you single, then?” Stiles asks.Derek stares at him, clearly taken aback. Stiles frowns in confusion, pausing for a moment to sleepily go through what he just said again, wondering why –“Shit! I mean, like, is there anyone else working with you during this shift,” Stiles clarifies, and he’s quite certain that his face is now bright, bright red. “Because Jackson’s gone.”“Are you looking for a job?” Derek asks, raising one eyebrow at him, although Stiles thinks he might see a tiny bit of pink dusting his cheeks. Then again, that’s probably just wishful thinking.“Hm? Oh, no, I already have a paid internship with the police department,” Stiles answers, waving off his question. “I was just wondering who else I’m going to be embarrassing myself in front of before I’ve had my morning hit of caffeine.”“Well, someone else should be joining me soon, but I don’t know if they’ll be a new hire or someone who already works here and is willing to change shifts,” Derek replies. “There’ll be someone eventually, though.”“Oh,” Stiles replies, trying not to sound too disappointed about not having Derek all to himself.Not that Derek is his in any way, shape, or form. They’ve barely talked three times.“You have a travel mug today,” Derek says, changing the subject as the silence between them starts to get awkward.“Yep. Go environment. Whooo,” Stiles replies weakly, realizing how pathetically obvious his little crush-thing must be.“Most people don’t bother when I tell them about it,” Derek admits, and oh my god, he almost sounds shy. Stiles majorly wants to cuddle him, but that’s probably not appropriate for a guy who’s a virtual stranger.“Yeah, well, I only have to buy, like, one hundred mochas to make the purchase financially worth it, right?” Stiles says, smiling wryly. Not that he was that broken up about spending ten bucks on the cheapest travel mug he could find at target. Truth be told, he’d probably continue buying all of those mochas, with or without a travel mug, just to see Derek’s face (and other assets) in the morning.Derek opens his mouth, about to say something, but then Stiles hears someone behind him pointedly clearing their throat. He blushes as he turns around to realize that there’s a woman standing there patiently, probably waiting to order. Well, at least it looks like Derek hadn’t noticed her either, if he chagrinned look on his face is any indication.“I’ll have you mocha ready in a few minutes,” Derek says to Stiles before turning back to the other customer and giving her his most charming smile. Derek’s lucky he’s pretty, because otherwise she looks like the sort of person who’d give him a strongly worded complaint. As it is, she leaves her change in the tip jar. Lucky bastard. What must it be like to get paid for being hot?Stiles settles himself near the drink pick up area, bracing his forearms on the countertop and leaning on it, idly watching Derek work. Thankfully, Derek’s too occupied to notice Stiles’ wandering eyes, because otherwise this would probably get awkward pretty quickly. Stiles briefly toys with the idea of arching his back a little more so that when Derek looks up to give him his drink, his ass will be nicely on display, but he discards the idea. He’ll probably just look ridiculous at best.“Sorry about that,” Derek murmurs as he hands Stiles his drink, glancing over at the other customer, who’s still watching the two of them closely.“I should be the one who’s apologizing,” Stiles replies, his heart stuttering slightly when their fingers brush as he accepts the coffee mug. “I shouldn’t have distracted you from your work.”“It’s no problem,” Derek says, shrugging. “It’s normally pretty quiet this early in the morning. People don’t really start coming in until eight.”“Okay,” Stiles answers, unable to keep a small smile off his face. “I suppose I’ll, uh, see you later, then.”“Bye,” Derek replies, before going back to make the other customer’s drink.Stiles goes through the rest of his day with a huge grin on his face.---“So what’s your major?” Derek asks, glancing over at Stiles, who’s swung himself up onto the counter and is sitting there, kicking his legs back and forth. It’s probably some sort of employee or health code violation or something, but Derek hasn’t asked him to move yet. He did roll his eyes, though.“Criminal justice,” Stiles answers, pausing to take another sip of his mocha. “I swear, my dad nearly laughed his head off when I told him. Said something about how he was glad I was finally learning about the law instead of breaking it.”“Breaking it?” Derek parrots, sounding like he’s regretting letting Stiles sit on his countertop. Which, you know, he probably should be.“You know, trespassing, vandalism, grand theft auto, kidnapping,” Stiles says, forcing himself not to grin. “The usu’.”“Kidnapping?” Derek asks, looking seriously concerned right now.Stiles bursts out laughing.“Oh my god, man, your face,” Stiles says once he manages to catch his breath again.“You were joking,” Derek replies flatly, but he still sounds mildly skeptical.“Um, okay, so no actually,” Stiles answers, smiling a little sheepishly. “But hey, I solved a murder, and I was, like, sixteen so they didn’t charge me.”“I’m not enabling your mocha habit tomorrow if you don’t start explaining,” Derek says, leaning up against the counter next to Stiles and abandoning his attempts at sweeping the floor.“Okay, so there was, like, this creepy hermit guy who lived right up next to the woods on the edge of town, and my dad’s the sheriff, so I heard they’d found half a body kind of nearby,” Stiles admits, already launching himself into story mode. “So I was like, ‘Hey, Scott, wanna find the other half?’ – Scott’s my best friend, by the way – and that’s where the trespassing part came in. Because, you know, we were technically snooping around this guy’s property.”“I guess that’s not too bad – a couple of teenagers messing around in the woods,” Derek says, shrugging.“Hey, quiet! I haven’t even gotten to the good part yet!” Stiles chastises, and although Derek gives him an annoyed look, he falls silent again. “Anyway, Scott has asthma, and he somehow managed to drop his inhaler, so we were trying to find it in the dark when we literally tripped over the other half of the body.”“No shit,” Derek says, looking mildly impressed.“Yeah, we were both pretty freaked out,” Stiles replies, nodding. “And then we heard someone coming our way, so we freaked and hightailed it out of there. Problem was, Scott still didn’t have his inhaler, so we had to go back the next morning to look for it… only the body was also gone. Like, moved gone. And then the guy who owned the property saw us and shooed us away, which was, you know, suspicious.”“Let me guess, you and Scott decided to trespass again,” Derek snorts, but he sounds kind of amused, so Stiles takes it as encouragement.“Hell yes we did,” Stiles says, grinning. “We actually went ‘round the house and noticed that there was a spot where the ground looked disturbed – ”“So you dug it up,” Derek guesses, his eyes going a little wide. “Is that what you meant by vandalism? Please tell me you didn’t actually find a body.”“Oh, we found a body alright,” Stiles answers. “We called the police, got the guy arrested, but he pleaded not guilty, and, honestly, Scott and I weren’t quite sure if he’d actually done it. See, there was this other guy, Matt, who we thought might have been stalking the dead lady, but he was only a year older than us, so the police weren’t really taking it seriously.”“Why do I have the feeling that this is where the grand theft auto and kidnapping come in?” Derek asks, narrowing his eyes in suspicion.“Because you’re an amazingly smart person?” Stiles says with a grin. “Anyway, we were pretty sure Matt had photos to prove the stalking thing, so we stole a prisoner transport vehicle and I held him in it while Scott dug up the photos. Thankfully they were pretty incriminating, which is probably the only reason I never went to juvie.”“I’m not so sure my boss would be too happy about me letting criminals loiter around his shop,” Derek snorts, but his tone is playful.“I’m a paying customer, thank you very much,” Stiles huffs in mock offense.“You’re much more talkative when you’re caffeinated,” Derek says, his comment a little out of the blue.“Maybe you’re just easy to talk to,” Stiles replies, attempting to be casually flirtatious. “I’m pretty sure it’s just you,” Derek snorts, although Stiles thinks he might just see Derek’s ears turn a little pink.“You already know me far too well,” Stiles says, grinning. “I’m pretty sure my dad entertained the thought of buying me a muzzle when I was a kid.”“Why didn’t he?” Derek asks, making Stiles let out an indignant squawk.“I’m pretty sure that’s child abuse,” Stiles grumbles, taking another sip of his mocha.“You’re the one who’s assaulting people with your voice,” Derek shoots back.“Please, you love my voice,” Stiles says, winking at Derek.In fact, it almost, for a moment, looks like Derek’s blushing. Derek opens his mouth to make an undoubtedly snappy comeback, but he cuts himself off as another customer enters the coffee shop and makes a beeline for the counter.“Sorry, I have to – ” Derek starts, but Stiles cuts him off, shaking his head.“I should probably be going anyway,” Stiles says, hopping down off the counter. “I’ll see you tomorrow, though, right?”“Right,” Derek replies gruffly, the barest hint of a smile ghosting over his lips.Stiles spends the rest of the day humming the most chipper tunes he can think of.---Stiles stumbles into the coffee shop, practically dead on his feet. He’s running on fumes at the moment, having only managed to catch a handful of hours of sleep, because he’d had to stay up late finishing a paper.Which is why he’s currently staring blankly at the person manning the cash register with only enough brain capacity to think, “Not Derek.”“Good morning, sir,” Not Derek says, her voice far too upbeat for this hour of the morning. “What can I get for – ”“Medium sized mocha for Stuart, and don’t forget to give him the reusable mug discount,” Derek interrupts, appearing behind Not Derek out of nowhere.“Got it,” Not Derek replies, punching buttons on the cash register before looking back over at Stiles. “So you’re a regular?”Stiles makes some sort of noncommittal noise while holding out his travel mug, nearly dropping it in the process.“Don’t bother trying to engage him before giving him coffee,” Derek tells Not Derek, clapping her on the shoulder before accepting Stiles’ mug and moving over towards all of the fancy coffee-making machinery that Stiles’ overtired brain can’t even begin to understand, much less identify.“That’ll be two dollars and fifty-two cents, please,” Not Derek says, and Stiles spends a few moments fumbling with his wallet before producing three bills. “I’m Kira, by the way.”“Morning,” Stiles finally replies, managing a sleepy smile.He’s pretty sure he hears Derek let out a snort of laughter in the background. Asshole.---Kira’s pretty awesome once Stiles is awake enough to properly appreciate her. Unlike Derek, she doesn’t complain when he sits on the counters. In fact, she even joins him when things get really slow. Derek rolls his eyes, but doesn’t say anything on the subject.“So are you and Derek…?” Kira asks when Derek disappears into the back of the coffee shop in order to restock.“What?” Stiles replies, confused. He’s already drunk half his mocha, so he should be reasonably awake, but he’s not exactly catching onto what she’s implying.“Are you his boyfriend?” Kira clarifies, making Stiles’ eyes widen.“I wish,” Stiles sighs, laughing slightly. “But, I mean, that would be like a rock getting together with Mount Everest, you know?”“Kind of?” Kira says, her nose scrunched up as she puzzles through his analogy. “I dunno, though, you’re pretty cute.”“Uh huh,” Stiles snorts. “Sure I’m kind of cute if you’re into pale and scrawny, but Derek’s practically a Greek god.”“Well I’m pretty sure he likes you,” Kira counters, shooting Stiles a smile.“Right,” Stiles says, giving her a skeptical look in return.“He has your order memorized, at least,” Kira points out, shrugging.“That’s only because I come in here practically every day,” Stiles grumbles, pausing to take another sip of his mocha. “And anyway, it’s only your first day. I’m pretty sure you’re not allowed to psychoanalyze coworkers without knowing them for at least five days.”“I’m pretty sure I’ll be saying the same thing in five days,” Kira replies, and Stiles opens his mouth to protest, but then Derek walks back out from the back room and he has to cut himself. He really doesn’t need Derek to hear all about his awkward crush.It’s really hard not to stick his tongue out, though, when Kira sends him a knowing smile when Stiles nearly falls backwards off the counter and Derek catches him.---Stiles has fallen into a very comfortable rhythm over the past few months, in his coffee shop routine at least. Then, of course, he sleeps through his alarm. It’s nearly eleven by the time he stumbles into the coffee shop, and Derek’s shift has probably long since ended.“I’ll have a, uh, medium mocha – ” Stiles starts, only to startle as the blonde woman at the register lets out a triumphant noise and levels him with a look that immediately sets Stiles on edge.“For Stuart, right?” she says, barreling on before he can correct her. “I’m pretty sure Derek nearly sent out a search party when you didn’t show up this morning, you know.”“What?” Stiles replies, because, really? A search party? She’s got to be exaggerating. Derek’s a master of minimalist speaking and stoicism – there’s no way he’d overreact in even the slightest way to Stiles missing his coffee once.“You are Derek’s Stuart, aren’t you?” she asks, although she doesn’t seem like she needs that much confirmation.“Uh,” Stiles says awkwardly. “I guess.”Fuck, he feels so sleazy right now. What’s he supposed to say to her, though? That, yeah, he’s the guy she’s referring to, but he’s been lying to Derek about his name for the past few months? That’ll go over well.“You should call him to let him know that you’re alive,” she continues, making Stiles stare at her, under-caffeinated and confused. “Give me your phone and I’ll program in his number.”“Uh,” Stiles says again, feeling a little steamrolled. “Are you sure he’d be okay with you giving out his number to random strangers?”“Please, I’ve been trying to get him to finally ask you out for at least a month now,” she snorts, making Stiles boggle. “I’m done with him pining.”“Pining?” Stiles repeats weakly, watching as the woman snatches away his phone, he fingers flying over the screen deftly.“Oh yes,” she replies, sounding simultaneously amused and exasperated. “Tell him to thank Erica, too.”“Okay,” Stiles answers, feeling a little dazed once he finally is shooed away from the register, staring blankly at his phone screen, where Derek’s number is now entered.He’s pretty sure he spends a solid hour staring at it when he gets home.Not that he actually calls Derek or anything.---“So I kind of have a huge problem,” Stiles says without preamble as he slumps down onto the living room couch next to Scott.“Yeah?” Scott asks, looking away from where Iron Man is playing on the TV screen.“Okay, so you know how I’ve been going to the coffee shop sometimes?” Stiles starts, chewing on his lower lip.“You mean every day, because you want to ogle the hot barista dude?” Scott teases, giving Stiles a knowing grin.“Shut up,” Stiles retorts, blushing a little. “Anyway, so one of his friends told me that he might be attracted to me.”“Then go for it, dude,” Scott says, shrugging. “Why not?”“He thinks my name’s Stuart,” Stiles grumbles, attempting to glare holes into the carpet.“Why?” Scott asks, frowning.“There was this douche who worked there the first few times I came in, and he kept writing my name wrong on my coffee cup, but I let it go because I thought it wasn’t that big of a deal, you know?” Stiles sighs, sinking further into the couch cushions. “But the Derek thought it was my actual name and started telling other people that it was my actual name, and I wasn’t sure how to correct him without making things awkward.” “So now everyone thinks your name is Stuart?” Scott clarifies. “Dude, that sucks.”“I can’t just tell him now,” Stiles groans, leaning over against Scott’s shoulder. “I’ve been lying to him about my name for months.”“Hey, well it started off as an honest mistake, right?” Scott says, patting Stiles on the shoulder. “Just explain it to him.”“And lose him and my daily dose of caffeine in the divorce? I don’t think so,” Stiles snorts, shaking his head.“Okay, how about this?” Scott starts, wrapping a comforting arm around Stiles. “I’ll go with you to the coffee shop tomorrow and I’ll tell you whether or not I think he’s likely to get really pissed at you. If I think he’s nice, then you should go for it. If not, you can just not say anything.”“You do realize that you’ll have to get up at, like, six for this, right, Scottie?” Stiles says, looking at Scott skeptically.“The things I do for you,” Scott sighs, overdramatic. “Aw, you wuv me,” Stiles says, grinning and snuggling closer to Scott. “You better know that I’m not going to wake you up, though, so if you snooze, you lose.” Scott rolls his eyes, but he’s smiling slightly.---The next morning is nothing short of a disaster.“That’s him?” Scott hisses, gesturing over at Derek. “Seriously, Stiles?”“I know,” Stiles sighs, downtrodden. “I don’t have even the slightest chance, do I?”“Dude, he looks like a fucking serial killer,” Scott says, making Stiles give him an affronted look – on Derek’s behalf of course. Not that Derek doesn’t look at least a tiny bit serial killer-ish, Stiles must admit. “He’s gonna murder you if you ask!”“I thought you were here to be supportive!” Stiles whines, frowning at Scott.“That was before I knew he could probably crush my face in with one hand!” Scott protests, flailing a little.“Dude, seriously, he’s not that bad,” Stiles says, placing a hand on Scott’s lower back in order to steer him towards the register. “He has, like, this marshmallow center, okay? He has this whole campaign about saving the wolves and shit.”“Yeah, because he probably is one,” Scott hisses, glancing over at Derek nervously. Stiles rolls his eyes and practically shoves him towards the counter. At least Kira’s working the register today, with her bright sunshine-y smile. Hopefully that’ll calm Scott down a little bit.“Hey, Stuart,” she says, already reaching out to accept his travel mug. “The usual, I’m guessing?”“And a medium caramel latte,” Stiles adds, because Scott had insisted on Stiles paying for his drink if he was going to get up at six am to help him solve his Derek issue. “This is Scott, by the way.”“Oh,” Kira says, her smile suddenly looking strangely forced. “Nice to meet you, Scott.”“You too,” Scott replies, giving her his most charming puppy dog smile. Stiles narrows his eyes and elbows Scott lightly in the side, because he’s supposed to be helping figure out the Derek situation, not flirting with Kira. Even though they’d make a disgustingly cute couple.Stiles pays for their drinks and does his best not to roll his eyes.“Hey, Scottie, I need to introduce you to Derek, too,” Stiles says, linking their arms together and dragging Scott over to the drink pick up area.“Stiles, I don’t – ” Scott starts, but Stiles cuts him off with a loud, chipper, “Hey, Derek! How’s it going?”Unfortunately, Derek just grunts noncommittally, not even bothering to look over at Stiles from where he’s making the drinks.“This is Scott,” Stiles continues when Derek makes no further move to contribute to the conversation.Derek growls something which might be ‘hello,’ but Stiles can’t really tell. Things don’t really go much better from there. For some reason, Derek will hardly say more than one syllable, and he purposefully avoids Stiles’ eyes when he hands over the drinks. Stiles is pretty sure he’s never felt more cold-shouldered in his life.“Let’s get out of here,” Scott mutters, leaning in and pitching his voice low, probably so that Derek won’t hear him.Stiles nods dejectedly, only sparing one glance backwards as he follows Scott towards the door. Derek’s already disappearing into the back room.---“Hey, Derek,” Stiles says, forcing an upbeat attitude, as he walks into the coffee shop the next morning. “How’s it going?”“I would have backed off if you told me I was making you uncomfortable,” Derek says, completely out of the blue.“What?” Stiles asks, confused.“The flirting,” Derek clarifies – not that he’s really clarifying much, because what? When exactly was Derek flirting with him? “I’m not going to murder you if you reject me.”“Dude, what are you talking about?” Stiles says, frowning and moving closer to lean across the counter, Derek carefully avoiding his eyes all the while.“Look, I know you made up a fake name, okay?” Derek sighs, running a hand through his hair. Stiles is suddenly struck by how tired he looks, prominent shadows under his eyes. “You could have just told me that you weren’t interested or that you had a boyfriend and I would have backed off.”“Wait, you’re not talking about Scott, are you?” Stiles asks, his eyes widening. “Dude, no, he’s like my brother.”“You’re not – ?” Derek says, looking up quickly and finally making eye contact with Stiles.“Fuck no,” Stiles answers, folding his arms over his chest a little self-consciously. “And, uh, for the record, you’re wrong about the flirting, too. So. You know. Flirt away.”“Look, I already told you that I’m not going to do anything to you if you ask me to stop,” Derek replies, his tone harsher. “I’m not going to hurt you, contrary to what your friend thinks.”Stiles stares at him, unsure what to say for a few moments.“Dude, no, I didn’t – it was an accident, okay?” Stiles sighs, running a hand through his already messy hair. “I wasn’t trying to lie to you.”“Which is why you kept telling me that your name was Stuart,” Derek replies, deadpan.“Okay, first of all, I never actually told you that that was my name,” Stiles protests, jabbing a finger at Derek. “And for the record, this only happened because that douche who used to work the register kept getting my name wrong and I didn’t want to make a big deal of it, but then you started using it and telling everyone else that it was my name!”“Well then why didn’t you tell me sooner?” Derek snaps, although he sounds more hurt than angry.“I don’t know! By the time we got to know each other it was at the point where it would be awkward for me to try and correct you,” Stiles replies, scuffing the toe of his shoe across the wood floor.“Oh,” Derek says awkwardly.“So, you know, it wasn’t because of the flirting,” Stiles continues tentatively, a little nervous. “Go ahead and continue flirting if you want.”A complicated, unreadable look passes over Derek’s face.“Or we could just go out to dinner sometime,” Stiles says quickly, his face flushing. “So I can, like, apologize for lying to you and stuff.”Derek still looks mildly dissatisfied.“Or it can be a date!” Stiles finally adds, flailing a little bit.“A date sounds good,” Derek says after a beat of silence, and it takes all of the self-restraint Stiles has to not leap for joy.“I’m Stiles, by the way,” Stiles says, smiling slightly.“Nice to meet you, Stiles,” Derek replies, smiling back.Erik hates coffee. He finds it extremely unfortunate that most of his clients are addicted to the vile drink and often arrange to meet at coffee shops where he has to order something for the sake of propriety.The coffee shop Worthington proposes is less shined and polished than the ubiquitous Starbucks that Erik despises with the entirety of his being, but even the deep, squashy chairs and the battered bookshelves full of second-hand classics can't make him want a grande vanilla bean frappuccino with non-fat milk and whipped cream. He orders black coffee in the smallest size available.The barista has incredibly blue eyes. "Black coffee. Very traditional," he says, upbeat. "I'm Charles. May I have your name?""Erik," Erik replies, a bit thrown by the dissonance between his bleak mood and Charles' cheer. "Erik," Charles repeats, scrawling the name on a napkin and transferring it over to the bit of counter space under a hanging sign that reads Order Pickup. He spells Erik with a k instead of an unthinking c as most people do. Erik's surprise must read on his face, because Charles immediately says, "I'm sorry. Did I spell it wrong?" He reaches to grab the napkin back. "I shouldn't have assumed, just because of your lovely accent.""No, no," Erik assures him. "You spelled it correctly. I was surprised because people usually don't."Charles smiles and Erik thinks, suddenly, I'd like to know more about you than your name, but that's the moment Worthington walks in, orders a venti cappuccino with whole milk and an extra shot of espresso and proceeds to drag Erik over to a table to complain about the projected construction costs for the office building Erik is designing for him. By the time Worthington finishes his rant and Erik walks him through the redesign of the first floor, an hour has gone past. When Erik glances over to the serving counter, Charles has been replaced by a boy with floppy brown hair and horn-rimmed glasses.Erik rolls up his blueprints and pushes open the door.--It's just one more missed connection, Erik tells himself when he sometimes thinks of Charles as he wanders through his normal, coffeeless life.Then Worthington calls to schedule a final meeting before the ground breaking and Erik finds himself saying, "Let's meet at that same coffee shop, the one on Riverside," and hanging up quickly before Worthington has the chance to suggest a different venue.Charles makes Erik a terrible caffe mocha and spells his name with a k and smiles. Erik adds a two o'clock coffee break to his calendar for the rest of the foreseeable future.--For the first few weeks, Erik orders complicated concoctions like tall white chocolate mocha no-foam lattes with extra espresso shots and grande caramel macchiatos with double vanilla syrup and caramel drizzle, just so he can have more words to say to Charles, so it takes longer for Charles to steam the milk or pump in syrup or spoon on whipped cream, and Erik has a few more seconds to watch the line of his back, the curve of his neck.Then he discovers that Charles has the unique skill of turning practically any sentence into a lecture on genetics. "How are you?" Erik asks simply one day, tired of the excessively complex coffee terms he'd learned by trolling through starbucks.com and eavesdropping on the orders of people ahead of him in line. Charles smiles brighter than ever and says, "I'm wonderful. There was a girl in here just half an hour ago who had the most interesting mutation. Heterochromia. Did you know that heterochromia occurs in only 0.67% of the population?""I can't say I did," Erik says, telling himself its ridiculous to feel so crestfallen over Charles noticing a girl's eyes."It's caused by the expression of different OCA2 genes in each eye. Really quite beautiful," Charles enthuses as he over-steams the milk for Erik's latte, the froth clumping together alarmingly. He winks, handing Erik his coffee, "Not to say that your EYCL1s are anything to scoff at."Erik stares at him blankly, about eighty five percent sure that he's been complimented in some obscure way."Green eyes," Charles clarifies, smiling sheepishly.Mollified, Erik commanders a table with a clear view of Charles at the counter and spreads out blueprints of a highrise he completed work on weeks ago as camouflage. He refuses to wince as he sips at the patently disgusting coffee in the stenciled magnesium element cup he'd chosen from a line up of hideous mugs offered to him when he'd been officially deemed a regular.The cups at 645 Riverside Drive—which has no actual name, Charles once explained to Erik, because it was opened jointly by Alex, who had wanted to call it The Bitchin' Kitchen, and Hank, who had wanted to name it something unpronounceable and French—are mismatched china pieces, reusable, instead of the throw away paper and foam of most coffee shops Erik has been forced to visit. It's rather a detriment for Erik, who would prefer to pretend to drink the coffee and then pitch the cup with no one the wiser. He can't return his cup to the counter half-full. He'd done so, once, when he'd ordered a truly heinous concoction of coffee and cinnamon. Charles had smiled at him and reached to take the cup to put it with the rest of the dirty crockery behind the counter. His smile had fallen when he saw the remnants of Erik's coffee. "Not good?" he'd asked, like he was going to take it as a personal failure. Erik had snatched the cup back and pounded down the rest of the cinnamon sludge in three seconds flat. "It was perfect," he'd lied. "Thank you, Charles." Charles beamed. Erik never leaves so much as a drop of coffee behind afterwards. Frankly, he would do a lot more than drink sixteen ounces of disgusting, hot, burnt-tasting liquid to have Charles smile at him.--Since Erik started his daily two o'clock coffee breaks to coincide with Charles' schedule, he's missed four project meetings about the new art gallery going up in Midtown. It's 1:45 and he's about to skip out on a fifth when Azazel, arms loaded down with portfolios and scale rulers, appears in the doorway of his office.  Erik shrugs into his coat nonchalantly, refusing to be cowed by the narrowing of Azazel's eyes. "You're doing a good job heading up the Midtown project," Erik says. "I knew you were ready for more responsibility."The problem with Azazel is that he's known Erik since they were both students at Stuttgart, constantly red-eyed and sleep deprived, cuts all over their fingers from X-Acto knives, and he knows that when Erik offers praise, it's usually a manifestation of guilt."Where are you going?" "I have an appointment," Erik hedges.Azazel, sensing weakness, says, "I will come with you," then drops everything he's carrying on Erik's previously immaculate chrome and glass desk and follows Erik out of the office, through three subway exchanges, and into 645 Riverside Drive."Erik," Azazel says, looking at the chalked order board and hipster college students, "This is a coffee shop." "Thank you, I realize," Erik says sarcastically."Please explain," Azazel says, patiently, because he was there when everyone else in their Concrete Structures workshop would huddle jealously around the coffee maker, watching the drip with covetous, crazy-eyed expressions, while Erik sneered at them in disdain and mainlined Jolt.Erik opens his mouth to say something scathing and obfuscatory, but then Charles says, "Erik! Always lovely to see you. What would you like today?" Erik's magnesium mug ready in his hands."Hello, Charles," Erik says, warmly, lifting his eyes to scan the order board. Erik orders something different every day in the apparently vain hope that Charles will finally produce something palatable. He's more than halfway through the menu. "Vanilla latte, please." As Charles goes through the motions of steaming the milk and incorrectly measuring the necessary amount of syrup, Erik can feel Azazel's eyes sliding between them, calculating the angles, the distances, like he's drawing mental blueprints."Sorry it looks a bit odd, today," Charles says, handing Erik his cup. "Sean has been trying to teach me to do pictures in the foam." Erik squints into his latte. There's a bit of a white blob in the middle, separated from the dark brown of the coffee. "What is it?" he asks."Well, it was meant to be a sort of leaf design, but I don't think it came out," Charles says, apologetically. "No, I can see it now," Erik assures him. He doesn't admit that he'd rather been hoping for a heart. "This is my colleague Azazel. He'd like one of your cappuccinos," Erik says, because he feels that Azazel deserves some form of punishment for making Erik show him this weak point, the soft underbelly where he could be gutted, splayed open like a rib cage versus rib spreaders, his heart fluttering frantically, exposed."He is very pretty," Azazel says once they've sat down at a table. "And very sweet." He sips his cappuccino and winces. "But not a good barista.""Hmm," Erik says, watching over Azazel's shoulder as Charles fusses about, rearranging cups and wiping down the counter with a wet cloth. He frowns at the row of syrup bottles—added shots of hazelnut and chocolate and cinnamon spice—and rubs the cloth, slowly, his palm curled delicately, up and down the long neck of a bottle with drip trails down the side.Erik chokes on air. For once, he finds it fortunate that he has a coffee in front of him. It's extremely useful for the dual purposes of helping to resume his normal breathing pattern and reintroducing moisture to his suddenly dry throat.Azazel intersperses mocking Erik between actual discussion about the art gallery design and how, as Lead Architect, the project is entirely Erik's responsibility until the clock winds to half past and he stands up to leave, his cup still almost full. "Wait," Erik says, remembering the devastating collapse of Charles' bright, wide-open expression. "You can't give it back like that.""Why?" Azazel asks, one eyebrow quirked up, quizzical."Charles will think you don't like his coffee," Erik explains."I don't like it. It tastes like motor oil," Azazel says.Azazel clearly has yet to understand the shattering power of Charles' disappointment, so Erik takes one for the team, grabbing the cup and downing the remnants of the cappuccino like a shot while Azazel watches with morbid fascination. "Here," Erik says, throat burning. "Now you can take it back."Azazel peers into the bottom of the empty cup. "Clearly this is very serious," he says. "Fine, I will manage the Midtown project."--In the three months that Erik has been patronizing 645 Riverside Drive, Charles has always been at the serving counter at two o'clock. His absence pulls Erik up short, derails his afternoon completely. Erik loiters outside the shop, peering shiftily through the window for as long as possible before the judging eyes of passersby force him inside to sullenly order coffee from a blond who is emphatically not Charles. Erik is preparing to order the most complex coffee ever out of sheer spite when Charles rushes through the shop door, shirt collar askew, hair in windblown disarray.  "I've got serving, Charles," the blond at the counter says, smirking at Erik as if he's saving him from something. "Why don't you go help Hank with inventory?""Thank you!" Charles calls pushing open the door to the back room without even glancing at Erik."I would like Charles to make my coffee," Erik says, annoyed. He stares at the blonde's nametag—Alex—as if it has personally affronted him by not reading 'Charles' in untidy, blue-inked letters. Through the half-open door to the back kitchen, Erik can just see the familiar outline of Charles' face."Seriously?" Alex asks, sounding dumbfounded. "I mean, I love Charles, but he makes incredibly terrible coffee." He peers at Erik shrewdly and Erik doesn't have enough time to pull his eyes away from the sweep of Charles' cheekbone and pretend innocence. Alex smirks. "Oh, I see," he says. "Charles!" he calls. "I have a customer here who will only drink coffee made by your delicate artist's hands!" Erik has decided to hate Alex with the entirety of his resolve when Alex adds, lowly, as Charles approaches, the door swinging wide, "By the way, when I said 'I love Charles,' I meant in a friend way. He's totally single."Erik thinks maybe he and Alex can be friends.--Erik is draining a café au lait and watching Charles utterly and endearingly fail to make a macchiato, shots overflowing the cup, for a boy in a Columbia hoodie when a girl with blonde hair breezes into the shop, grabs an application out of the rack on the wall beneath the We're Hiring! sign and parks herself across from Erik. "Name?" she says, pen poised over the form."Excuse me?" Erik says.Erik, the girl scrawls in spiky cursive, despite the bolded please print instructions Erik can read even from his vantage point, looking at the paper upside down. "I'm Raven," she says. "Charles is my brother." Erik notes the possessive. Charles is my brother. Charles isn't Erik's anything. "It was recently brought to my attention that you have designs on him. Spell your last name for me."Erik is still half in shock as they go over his university years, GPA, job history and U.S citizenship. "Have you ever committed a felony?" Raven asks."No," Erik says, a little too slowly, seconds wasted on the bloody fantasy he still has of picking up a gun, the metal cool and controlled in his hands, and firing a hot lead bullet into Shaw's smirking face. "Hmm," Raven says, marking an x between the yes and no checkboxes and drawing an angry face and several question marks in the comments section.Erik glances toward the door, calculating his escape route, but his eyes catch on Charles, who waves at him cheerfully from behind the cash register. Erik waves back, awkward, and suddenly unwilling to make a spectacle of himself fleeing from Charles' sister. He navigates safely through references—Azazel had better take this seriously and say something fucking glowing or he is so fired—and skills, and then Raven turns the hobbies and interests question into, "How to you feel about kids?" Erik, who had been gearing up to discuss chess and shamelessly embellish the few times he volunteered with Habitat for Humanity, chokes on the very last sip of his coffee.He gasps fruitlessly for a few moments and Charles rushes over with a new terrible coffee that Erik will now have to drink. He puts a hand on Erik's back and his eyes are so blue and concerned that Erik can't help but wheeze a sincere thank you at him. Erik sips the—oh God, terrible, so terrible—coffee and coughs a few times more than necessary just so Charles will keep his warm hand between his shoulder blades a little longer.Charles' pats Erik on the shoulder. "All right?" he asks, waiting for Erik's reluctant nod before he returns to the counter where an annoyed-looking businessman has been pointedly checking his watch.When Erik looks back at Raven, she's smirking. She's written swayable on the application.Erik scowls at her. "So, do I pass muster?" he asks.Raven laughs. "I wouldn't go that far," she says, smiling with too many teeth. "But I promise not to actively impede your efforts unless your background check shows that you've been less than truthful with me. Frankly, you seem to be doing a pretty effective job of cock-blocking yourself.""Background check?" Erik says.Raven folds the paper into quarters and waves at him saucily as she goes out the door.--It's a cool autumn Tuesday, the trees shading red, when Erik says, "I think I'll have a Turkish coffee today," choosing at random off the order board. Charles' ever-bright smile flickers and weakens a bit. "All right," he says, voice hesitant.Alex is waving his arms frantically behind Charles' back and making a cut-throat motion.What the actual fuck? Erik thinks.He understands after the first sip. Every cup of coffee Charles has ever made him has been uniquely terrible, but this, this... Erik suddenly knows that this is the coffee that has had several customers doing spit-takes and returning to the counter, demanding a refund, sick looks on their faces.He still wants to punch every single one of them for the way Charles frowned and apologized and spent the next thirty minutes looking like someone had told him genetics wasn't a legitimate branch of science, but he feels a small spark of understanding now.Erik drinks the coffee down like a man in love, feeling Charles' worried gaze on him all the while. He has to swallow three times against each sip, his throat trying to close in self-defense. When he brings the empty cup back to the counter, the look of relief in Charles' eyes is entirely worth it. "Alex!" Charles calls, grinning crazily, "Alex, Erik drank one of my Turkish coffees!""Better you than me," Alex tells Erik, shaking his head in respectful awe. Erik throws up in a trash can outside.Still worth it, he thinks.--Erik's primary reason for coming to the coffee shop is to see Charles, so when Charles spares a furtive look around the mostly deserted shop and reaches beneath the counter, Erik takes notice.Charles balances a small tin box on the cash register and selects a mug embossed with a double helix, filling it with boiling water."Are you making tea?" Erik asks, intrigued.Charles glances over the counter guiltily. "I know, it's terrible," he says, ripping open a packet and dunking a tea bag into his mug. "I work in a coffee shop and I hate coffee. I have my own secret stash of Darjeeling hidden under the register.""I enjoy tea on occasion myself," Erik says, wondering how he can maneuver Charles into trading him a cup of tea for the salted hot chocolate he's currently drinking. It might have been almost enjoyable if Charles had used a teaspoon of salt rather than a tablespoon."You like tea?" Charles says brightly. "Would you like me to make you a cup?"Charles makes everything so very easy, Erik thinks as Charles fills another mug and brings it over to Erik, his own tea cupped in his other hand. He sets them carefully on the table and pulls a scuffed up chessboard down off the top of one of the bookcases, their ritual for when business is slow.The chess set is old and well-loved. Half the pieces have chips in them. The black king is missing the cross pattee off the top of its crown. Erik scoops the white pieces out for Charles then reaches into his back pocket for his wallet. "For the tea," he says, holding out a five.Charles scoffs, waving it away as he lines up his pieces. "Really, Erik," he says. "It's on the house.""Charles," Hank says, fondly exasperated, from where he's taken Charles' place behind the serving counter. "You can't just give away the coffee. Even if Erik is your favorite customer."Charles smiles. "He's actually having tea. Which comes from my own personal stock, so I'm perfectly obliged to give it away."Hank looks like Charles has dumped a bag of Kopi Luwak beans all over the floor in front of him."I told you other people in America drink tea," Charles says, vindicated, as he absentmindedly takes the rook which just happens to be the key piece to Erik's long game. "If we put it up on the order board, people would actually pay for it.""This is a coffee shop, Charles," Hank says stubbornly. "People come here to drink coffee." He turns to Erik in mute appeal.Erik looks at Charles, then down at the chessboard, nudges a pawn forward. "I come for the service," he says.--
Your minion, is he single?
Erik looks at his phone for a solid thirty seconds. The question still fails to make sense. Who is this? he texts back.When the return message comes through, even the beep sounds annoyed. Raven, duh.Ah. Erik may have given Raven everything from his bank routing numbers to his garage key pad passcode, so he supposes her access to his phone number is probably the least of his worries. He backdials the number. "My what?" "Azazel," Raven clarifies. "When I called him for a reference, that's how he self-described his relationship to you." "Ah," Erik says, resolving to kill Azazel on sight. "Yes, he's single.""Great," Raven says. "By the way, your background check came back clean. I'm giving you the yellow light to date my brother.""You mean the green light?" Erik asks."Yellow," Raven says and hangs up.--Erik is taking miniscule sips of the concentrated hell that is Charles' attempt at an espresso when it happens. "Your name, please?" Charles asks a young man in a close-fitting, pin-striped suit straight out of Fashion Week."870-1535," the man says. Charles writes it down on the napkin automatically and then stops, looking up, puzzled."You keep that one," the man says, smiling and reaching for another napkin and Charles' felt-tip pen. "It's my phone number. My name," he adds, holding up the new napkin before putting it on the counter beneath the Order Pickup sign, "is Ben."Charles' blushes. "Oh, erm, thank you, that's very kind, but I'm..." He darts a glance at Erik. Erik can feel his heart pounding. He shouldn't have ordered that second espresso, but he hadn't realized they were so ridiculously tiny and the first one would have only excused his hanging around the shop for about five minutes."Already spoken for?" Ben says, sighing amicably. "Story of my life. I suppose I'll have my latte to go then." Erik watches the door close behind Ben with a vindictive sort of pleasure before returning his tiny espresso cup to Charles at the counter. "He was rather attractive," Erik says casually, testing the waters.The look on Charles' face is crushing, wilted. "Oh," Charles says, a hurt-sounding exhalation. He puts on a brave, self-effacing smile. "Well. Here," he says, placing the napkin with Ben's phone number down in front of Erik.Erik cannot convey the depth of his horror. Then Charles says, "You'll think me terribly silly, I'm afraid. Everyone in America is really very straightforward, I don't know why I thought, well...that you were courting me." Charles flushes and it's really very fetching, the pink in his cheeks, but Erik hates that it's an indication of embarrassment, of shame, backward and unfounded."No!" Erik says, rather too loudly. Half the coffee shop turns to look over curiously and Charles flinches back. "I mean, yes," Erik amends, quieter. "The courting, that is. I was...doing that. I don't want..." He rips the napkin with Ben's number into the tiniest shreds possible. "I want you."God, Erik wants to punch himself in the face. He's fluent in seven languages. He doesn't know why he's bungling so badly in one he learned at his mother's knee.Charles doesn't seem to mind Erik's stumbling. "Oh," he says, but this time the word is rounded, pleased, and he's smiling as the blush rises higher on his cheeks. "Well, in that case." He leans across the counter, eyes fluttering closed.Erik leans forward to meet him, palms pressed flat against the countertop to stop himself from grabbing Charles by his apron and never letting go.--The next day is the second time in six months that Charles is missing from behind the counter at two o'clock. Erik can feel his pulse skyrocket. "Don't freak out," Alex says, rolling his eyes, before Erik can demand Charles' whereabouts. He hands Erik a napkin with an address inked on. "He left a forwarding address so you'd have a new place to stalk him."Erik wanders down Broadway then through the tall ionic columns and pale stone archways of Columbia University until he finds the right office, its heavy wooden door ajar.There are stacks of boxes and books all over, and in the middle of them is Charles, sitting at a scarred mahogany desk reading a journal that looks like it escaped the fires of the Library of Alexandria.Erik clears his throat and Charles startles, looking up. "Erik!" he says, leaping from his chair and navigating perilously around the boxes and books until he's close enough to clap Erik on the shoulder. "I'm terribly sorry to change location on you without notice. Dr. Lange had a family emergency and she asked if I could take over her 300 level genetics courses immediately rather than at the start of the new semester." Charles gestures expansively around the office, "So, what do you think of my natural habitat?" "I could get used to it," Erik says. There are two leather chairs in the corner and he thinks that one of them could become his. There's a short table that could accommodate a chess set, a teapot on the windowsill. There's Charles, in a shabby tan cardigan, smiling up at him. Erik leans down to kiss him, gentle and chaste, not because he's unsure, but because if things get heated he knows he's going to make a bid to get Charles spread out over his desk and with the obstacles in the way, that can only result in a concussion for one or both of them. Charles kisses him back sweetly, then wetly, his mouth open for plundering, but just when Erik has decided to fuck the head injury, it'll be worth it, Charles pulls back. "I'm trying to figure out how to get us from here to my desk without cracking both our skulls," he breathes against Erik's lips. Erik laughs, his whole body shuddering with it, like the day Shaw finally gained a controlling interest in Lehnsherr Industrieller—his smirking face all over CNN, talking about new management and rising stock prices, while Erik's mother was discreetly led out the back door, something in her quietly bleeding out, as effectively as if she'd been shot—and Erik had ended up drinking five americanos because he'd needed to be where Charles was for as long as possible, the last barrier holding him back from a homicidal rampage."We're truly perfect for each other," Erik says. "I was just contemplating that problem. And I believe I have a solution." Charles lets out an undignified yelp when Erik scoops him up into his arms, but he recovers quickly, his arms looping easily around Erik's neck. "Brilliant, my friend," he says, between sucking kisses against Erik's jaw.Erik trips on a book that he thinks might have been a first edition copy of Darwin's Origin of Species and Charles accidentally kicks over a short stack of boxes that land on their sides with ominous thuds, but they make it to the desk with minimal injury.Erik sets Charles on the edge and clears the desk of papers and books and a small desk lamp, with a sweep of his arms. He lays Charles out on his back, climbs up to kneel over him, to press kisses into the join of his neck and run his thumbs over the curves of Charles' collarbones.Erik is moving his hand from under Charles' cardigan to the buckle of his belt when Charles says, his voice breathy and low, "Erik, Erik, I haven't actually gotten around to stocking my office with the, erm, necessary items."Erik forces his hands to go still, rests one palm flat against Charles' stomach, and wills his pulse to slow. He's about to apologize for being presumptuous, for moving too quickly, but then Charles hooks the crook of his elbow around the back of Erik's neck, drags him down to lick into his mouth, and when he pulls back, leaves Erik gasping for air, he says, "My flat is just across the street."Charles rolls ungracefully off the desk and propels Erik unresistingly through the chaos of his office and out into the hall.Erik looks at the sign on the outside of Charles' door. "Did we just get to third base on your desk during office hours?" he asks.Charles waves him off carelessly. "Students only ever come to those during exam weeks," he says, grabbing Erik's hand and dragging him toward the stairs.--Erik has already started to get used to the press of Charles' body so when he wakes up, alone in the mussed grey sheets of the enormous bed, he feels, for a moment, utterly bereft.Then Charles walks into the room, wearing the t-shirt Erik threw somewhere in his haste to tumble Charles into said sheets, and offers Erik a mug that reads If I were an enzyme, I would be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes. "I made you coffee," Charles says, looking pleased with himself."Thank you, Charles," Erik says, setting the mug on the sidetable and pulling Charles back into bed. He'll drink it later, stone cold and gritty, the dregs crunching in his back teeth, remembering the sweet taste of Charles' mouth, spun sugar and affection, warm with the beginnings of love.Bucky woke up with a headache. He wasn’t surprised. Things that always seemed to be a good idea at 2am on a Friday rarely looked the same at 8am, after a broken, unsatisfying sleep. His bed had a weird, nose twitching smell of sulphur and sage – transferred from his skin no doubt, and when he kicked the sheets off his body, he sneezed at the movement of air.A shower didn’t help much, not even with the frankly decadent body wash that Natasha had made for him, purified rainwater, lemons and ginger, fused with a few ‘secret’ herbs that she swore by. Normally, the smell alone would perk him up, get him feeling more human, or at least as human as he could get. It didn’t work, after his shower he felt no less like death – although he did smell fucking amazing.The sulphur and sage sheets were pulled from the bed, thrown in the laundry pile and dumped in the bathroom. He’d have to hand wash them, his neighbours wouldn’t thank him for stinking out the communal washers in the basement. Later though – right now what he needed was coffee stronger than anything he could brew. The streets were always busy, New York in any season, but summer was worse. The lingering sent of garbage and the mix of people, oils and herbs was an assault on the nose, and Bucky sneezed again before he managed to block it out. Luckily, his body wash created an almost blissful bubble around him; people who brushed past him paused for a microsecond, taking a deep breath, walking on with a smile. It was weird that Natasha, who grinned like a fucking shark, could make something that could bring a little bit of sunshine to almost everyone. Soul magic was like that though, the deepest part of yourself revealed.There was a coffee shop run by a Pixie and his girlfriend a few blocks away from his apartment, and Bucky went there at least once a day. A lot of people didn’t like it, the coffee was like tar and the service wasn’t the best, but Bucky loved the dimly lit shop, with its lumpy couches and sticky tables.There wasn’t a bell over the door, because Tony didn’t care if someone came in or not, and it was only the slam of it behind him that caused the Pixie to look up.“Mornin’.” He grunted, grabbing the first mismatched plate and adding three slices of the banana and toffee loaf that was under a little plastic dome. “Got a pot of coffee?”“Probably.” Tony, the owner, shrugged – waving a hand at the counter. “Help yourself.”Knowing that the only way to actually get his coffee would be to get it himself, Bucky lifted up the partition and started fixing up a pot. “Where’s Pep?” He asked, looking around. Normally she could be counted on to serve people, and on a good day, could even get Tony to do some work too.“Some job came up.” Tony grunted, not even lifting his head from whatever he was tinkering with. “Left about an hour ago with Happy.”Bucky nodded, filling up his pot from the machine with an easy familiarity.“What about you, hmm? Been listening to the ‘children of the night’ again?”“That’s vampires, Tony.” Bucky said, grabbing a mug from under the counter. None of the mugs matched, and three of them were stolen from Starbucks. “Not a vampire.”“Debateable.”“It’s really not.”“Whatever. Go away. You smell like sunshine and I don’t like it.”Bucky snorted, pulling out a couple of notes and putting them on the till before stepping out from behind the counter, balancing his plate, mug and pot of coffee carefully. “I’m sure she’ll be back soon, Tony.” He said, making his way over to the little nook he’d made his own.Over the years he’d managed to get the lumps in the couch to conform to his body shape, so he could sink a good few inches into the old leather without getting a spring in his spine or some weird shaped wedge of padding pushing against his shoulder blades – he’d even managed to find an old throw pillow that didn’t smell too bad that he could tuck under his legs and fall asleep if he needed.Habit meant that he was already putting his pot of coffee on the table when he realised that his space was already occupied. A tiny blond wearing headphones bigger than his head was snoozing on Buckys couch. Using Bucky’s pillow to lean against, squashing it out of the perfect shape Bucky had spent the better part of a year moulding.“What the fuck?” He managed, and heard Tony grunt from behind him.“He’s been there all morning.” He said, “Can you sniff him to see if he’s dead?”“I’m not a fucking werewolf.”“Scream?”“That’s Banshees.” He shot back, before kicking the sleeping figure. “You’re in my spot.”A pair of brilliant blue eyes snapped open, and for a moment, Bucky thought maybe he was looking at a Wraith, and he’d just kicked it, but when the man owlishly blinked a few times before pulling off his headphones, Bucky figured that he was safe.“Huh?”“I said; you’re in my spot.”The blond man looked around. There were plenty of other places for Bucky to sit, and Bucky knew he was being weird, but… he liked his spot. He’d sat in his spot every day, for years. “I was here first.”“Move, kid.” Tony called out, “It’s not worth him ripping off both your arms if he loses.”It took a second. “Tony, for fuck sake, that’s Wookies – it’s not even a thing!”The blond was looking over at Tony like he was going to argue, jaw sliding forward into a mulish expression that Bucky didn’t need to find attractive at all, because damnit, it was too fucking early. It was, though. Attractive. Very much so.“Look, kid, this is my spot. I’ve sat in that spot every day for two years. I don’t give a shit about who you are, or what you do. I just wanna eat this cake, drink this coffee, and try to forget that Tony is even in the room.”“Screw you, Twilight.” The man in question said, making the smaller man in Buckys spot grin a little. He had a nice grin, and it was too fucking early for Bucky to be noticing.“I’ll trade you for a slice of the cake and a mug of coffee.” He offered, and his voice was too deep for his tiny bird-like body. Bucky wasn’t sure if he was human or not. He could see blue and red lines tattooed up his thin arms, where he’s pushed up the sleeves of his oversized plaid shirt, healing inks, Bucky assumed, so probably human.“Deal.” He said after a moment. “Scram.” An hour later, Bucky was drifting pleasantly between awake and asleep, a whole pot of coffee and two slices of banana cake in his belly. Across from him, in the other (less comfortable) couch, the little blond was reading a newspaper without much interest, headphones on the table and a second pot of terrible coffee between them. Pepper had come back around Bucky’s third mug, so they’d got a refill as she did a little tour of the room, making sure Tony hadn’t pissed off anyone too bad, before she sat herself behind the counter and listened to Tony talk animatedly about whatever he’d been working on. Mid-way through his enthusiastic description, all the lights in the room dimmed dangerously.Grabbing a broom, Pepper banged on the floor three times, hard. Bucky (who’d seen this before) watched as the loud thumps caused the little blond to jerk on reflex, almost spilling his lukewarm coffee all over him. “Bruce.” Bucky explained, shrugging when the lights got brighter. “Troll in the basement, bit of a genius but he fucks the electrics sometimes.”“Right.” The smaller man agreed, glancing over at Pepper and Tony, who hadn’t even paused in his eagerness to tell Pepper what he was working on. After a pause, he blinked. “A troll?”“Yeah. Bruce. He’s nice.” Bucky said, pouring himself another coffee from the mug. It stayed warm, which was one of the reasons that he liked Starks. The Pixie had a personal vendetta against cold coffee. “Want some?”“Thanks.” The other man smiled, pushing his chipped Starbucks mug over. “Steve Rogers, I just opened the tattoo place over the road. I specialise in healing inks.”“Nice.” Bucky nodded. “I’m a sex therapist, James Barnes – only my clients call me that though.” He smiled. “Bucky to everyone else.”He watched as Steve’s eyes flicked over his body and smiled when the other man blushed. “Really?”“Yup.” Bucky said, popping the ‘p’ with a smirk. “How’d you get into inks?”“Bad heart.” Steve said, and Bucky nodded, he might not be an expert, but the lines working their way up the skinny mans’ arms spoke of some serious work. “I just… started looking into it more… and then…”  He shrugged. “Just kinda happened. What about you? How did you get into your line of work?”Bucky noticed that he avoiding using the words ‘Sex’ and ‘therapist’ which made him smile. “Seemed like one of those things I was made for.” Bucky shrugged. “Incubus.”“Oh,” Steve said, blushing even harder. “Right. Okay.”The thing was, Bucky knew that the stereotypes surrounding non-humans were there for a reason, despite the wide ranging interests of his species. Bucky hadn’t ever seen a porno that wasn’t almost entirely made up of succubae, he’d never been in a strip club where the dancers weren’t made up of sirens or incubi. They had a reputation (well deserved, of course, after all, they needed sex to live) but still… “I went to NYU.” He pointed out. “Mostly it’s couples going through a hard time – it’s easier to talk to me about stuff like sex, because they know I’m not going to judge them.”Steve nodded, and took a drink of his coffee. “Makes sense.” He grinned. “Sam – we opened the shop together, he’s a fairy – gets all kinds of people assuming things about him.”“Pretty unusual to see one in a city like this.” Bucky agreed. “He must love you a lot.”“Well, yeah… no, wait, I mean… no. Yes, he does! But he has a girlfriend. He’s not gay. I’m gay, he’s not. Not that… um…” He stopped talking, looking like he wanted the lump couch to swallow him whole. “Never mind.”Shit, but Steve was cute when he blushed, and Bucky was reminded that he’d actually been a very long time without companionship. Sex was one thing, but finding someone who you actually wanted to spend more time with? Not in a long while. However, he was also aware that his species had a reputation – love em and leave em – which meant that Steve might just be looking at Bucky like a one night stand. Natasha’s words were echoing in his head still, he deserved more, better. Rather than throw out a line that would in all likelihood end up with Steve in his bed, Bucky smiled his blandest smile.“Does Sam do healing ink too, or something else?” Stark’s coffee shop was normally pretty empty. The service, the bad coffee, the lumpy, worn out couches and the overall shabbiness of the place kept most away – Tony preferred that. It left him free to work on his inventions, the man made a fortune with his mechanised charms – the coffee shop was just something he did because Pepper liked it.However, it did have its regulars, people like Bucky who didn’t care that Tony couldn’t be bothered to serve them, who made their own coffee and had their own mugs stashed under the counter.Bucky had gotten used to seeing the same faces through the years: Maria Hill who was probably human, and who worked on her laptop with her feet propped up on the table in front of her, Clint, who slept soundly in the corner and occasionally had a pizza delivered if he was hungry. There was Bruce, who lived and worked in the basement, and a blacksmith called Thor who made swords and daggers, whose brother enchanted them and their girlfriends who worked with the stars and mapped out the future.And now, of course, Steve.Steve who would share Bucky’s pot of coffee and buy extra slices of cake, Steve who looked at him shyly, like he wasn’t quite sure if his smiles would be welcome.Steve who Bucky wanted to taste every inch of, and Steve who never so much as hinted at being interested in more. “You’re pining.” Natasha said, after the last of their clients left. Bucky was struggling with the Smiths. They thought that he was supposed to ‘cure’ them – and didn’t want to work through their issuestogether.“I am not.” He muttered, looking over his notes. He had three more meetings with clients and although he loved his job, sometimes he wished he could just… he let out a groan. “I’ve got the Fitz-Simmons in half an hour.”“They’re adorable.”“They’re killing me. I’ve never met a married couple with so many hang-ups in my life.” He said, putting down his notes. “You up for a coffee later?”Natasha rolled her eyes and shook her head. “I wouldn’t set foot in Starks if you paid me. It’s a dive.” She paused. “It’s not even a dive. It’s what happens once a dive gets worse.” A few seconds passed when she busied herself filing her notes into the locked cabinets they shared. “Don’t think I missed the deflection there, James. You’re pining.”“I’m an incubus. Pining in my natural state of being.”“And I’m a Valkyrie and you don’t see me singing mezzo-soprano and rocking braids, do you?” She paused. “You don’t pine. I’ve known you for years, and this is a new look for you.”He was saved by the Fitz-Simmons arriving early, holding hands, which was nice, and looking a little bashful about it, which was better. He seriously hoped at least someone was getting laid. Three weeks of sitting across a low coffee table from each other seemed a weird sort of friendship, but Bucky was pretty sure that they had a friendship, of sorts. Bucky would pick up two mugs when he fixed his coffee, Steve used one plate but piled it high with cake slices and cookies if they were there. Sometimes Steve would talk to Tony, and he’d say things – look over at Bucky and smile a little, an invite to join in. Bucky tried his best, but in the end, most of their interactions were of silent. It was nice though, he thought, nice to have someone he liked who seemed to like him back for something other than sex. Even if Bucky kinda wished that sex was on the table. “You look like death.” Tony said, as Bucky yawned in his face. “Fresh outta brains?”“Not a zombie.” Bucky managed, before another yawn threatened to dislocate his jaw. He knew he smelt slightly of sulphur, even after his shower, but he had a full book of appointments starting in a few hours and he really needed some coffee. “What you got that’s strong?”“I got coffee so strong you can stand your spoon in it.” Tony said, looking smug. “But maybe that aint what ails ya.”After a few moments of Bucky staring at him, unblinking, Tony caved.“You need to get laid, boyo. You reek of sulphur.” Behind him, Bucky heard someone drop something, a clatter of a mug against the table. “You break it, you buy it.” Tony said, without thinking.“It’s not broken.” Steve muttered, just loud enough for them to hear, sounding grumpy and put out.“He brought it with him anyway,” Bucky pointed out; glad the conversation was twisting away from his non-existent sex life. “Unless you started buying mugs with ‘ink is art’ on them?”“I might have.” Tony said, shrugging. “You don’t know I didn’t.” After getting his coffee (just as strong as Tony promised, too) he almost collapsed into his usual spot. His job was exhausting sometimes, and the general lack of sex in his diet was resulting in him burning up a little through the night. Enough that people were starting to tell. It didn’t happen much, mostly because a lot of people were willing to trade the best sex of their lives for a bit of a headache the next day, and Bucky was well aware that he looked good enough that people wanted to sleep with him before they even knew what he was, but recently…He glanced over at Steve…Recently, he just hadn’t been in the mood for a random hook-up.Steve was glaring at his coffee mug (which had survived the fall) and had so far refused to eat the slices of cake that Bucky had picked up. He’d rolled up his oversized shirt sleeves, and Bucky could see the healing ink running up his thin arms – knew from a google search (he was bored, okay, bored, it wasn’t stalkerish) that the red and blue lines followed specific veins under the skin, and they could improve circulation, stamina – and in most cases were more effective than surgery. Steve had two arms liberally covered in ink, and Bucky assumed that he was once very ill. He also had a few white lines mixed across his arms, looking far too neat to be scars – and new too, going on the raised look of them. Those, Bucky hadn’t a clue about, but healing inks weren’t his area, and asking seemed intrusive.“You okay?” He asked, after watching Steve glare at his mug for longer than normal. “I’m pretty sure whatever your coffee did to you, it was an accident.”That, at least, seemed to snap Steve out of his funk – he looked up at Bucky and blinked. “Sorry… was… thinking.”“Yeah? Busy day ahead?”“Got a couple of frat boys who think that a couple of lines of hoodoo script on their dicks’ll make em bigger,” Steve said, after a few seconds. “I’ve spent the last two weeks telling them that is doesn’t work like that, and they aren’t listening.”Bucky didn’t mean to laugh, but he did. The idea of Steve, tiny, gorgeous Steve, tattooing some dudes dick was weirdly hilarious. “Do they know it’s gonna hurt like hell?”“Oh, they think they’ll manage through it. The hardest part,” He carried on, ignoring Bucky’s snort of laughter, “Is that they’re more concerned about the lack of sex till the ink heals up.” Steve sighed. “They’re due in half an hour.”“Well, if it makes you feel any better,” Bucky said, pushing the plate of cake towards the skinny guy. “You’ve made my day.”“I’m glad my misfortunes make you happy.”“Dude, you’re going to be spending the morning sticking needles into a dudes dick while he tries not to cry. I mean, that’s fantastic.”  The club was packed. Which was great. Already, Bucky could smell the scent of desperation and need perk him up a little. Natasha had insisted that they go out after their hellish day – a couple of drinks down and Bucky could tell that her plan was a good one. Already he was feeling better, a little tipsy, a little high off the smell of desire.On the floor, he could see various shapes, some human, some not, grinding along to the music. Natasha had found one of her ‘sisters’ and was currently drinking mead so strong that they’d been carded at the bar to ensure that no one died. By the end of the night they’d be singing songs and trying to kill one another – good naturedly, of course, but no less deadly.Bucky was prowling along the edge of the dancefloor, he’d spotted a short blond guy on the floor and wasn’t looking too hard at his motives for seeking out that particular guy, when someone touched his shoulder.They guy was tall, really good looking, with soft brown eyes and a killer smile – but the first thing that Bucky noticed were the wings. His shirt had been designed to accommodate them, and even though they were furled up behind him, they were still pretty fucking impressive. He had glitter around his eyes.“You wouldn’t be Bucky, would you?” He asked, and for one long instant, Bucky wondered if he’d ever fucked a fairy – until he realised…“You must be Sam, right?”The answering smile was amazing, white teeth flashing in the dim lighting. “Man, I thought it had to be you, you here alone? Steve’s at the bar. Come sit by us!” Bucky had just been introduced to Sam’s girlfriend, a stunning blond human with a megawatt smile, as “Bucky, you know? Steve’s Bucky?” and a meaningful look, when the man in question appeared through the crowd. He was carrying a couple of beers and had a lipstick smear over his cheekbone and Bucky was really trying not to think about someone kissing Steve. “Bucky?” He asked, looking between Sam and Bucky like he wasn’t sure if he was happy to see either of them. “Uh, hi.”Bucky managed a grin and a casual greeting in return. Somewhere on the dancefloor was a short blond who probably wouldn’t be looking at Bucky like he’d just kicked a fucking puppy, which was what Steve was looking at him like.“Steve tells us you’re a sex therapist?” Sam said when the silence started to get a little thin. “I bet you’ve got some stories, man!”The idea that Steve told his friend, his best friend, about Bucky’s job was interesting. “Well, one or two, but you know… can’t really say much.” He paused. “It’s not like I spend the day tattooing dicks or anything.” An hour later, Bucky had hard more embarrassing stories about Steve Rogers than he was ever likely to hear about anyone else. Sam seemed to think that Steve’s obvious discomfort was hilarious, and the harder Steve blushed, the more outrageous the stories got. It turned out that Steve spent more time touching dicks than most people Bucky knew.“I swear to Oberon, it’s like everyone in the city found out about this talented little shit, and wanted him to work his magic on em. Steve, Steve, tell Bucky about the Ogre.”“I don’t-”“So this ogre comes in, right?” Sam started, completely running over whatever argument that Steve was about to make, “And as soon as he sees Steve, he’s all…” Sam puffs out his chest, swaggering on the spot, “Dis one he mine!”“Oh god.” Steve said, turning away from them, face burning. “Please do not do this to me.”“And then he just,” Sam makes a motion of pulling down his jeans. “Dick out. Middle of the shop.”Bucky laughed. It was hard not to. Ogres were… well… not particularly subtle at the best of times, and Steve wasn’t the biggest dude in the world.“It was bigger than my leg.” Steve shuddered, not making eye contact with anyone.“Massive.” Sam agreed, before grabbing his chest and laughing like he was gonna die. “I thought I was gonna die. Funniest shit I’ve seen in years.” In the end, Sam and his girlfriend – Bucky couldn’t remember her name – slipped off while Bucky and Steve were trying to hold a conversation.“I’m really sorry Sam ruined your night.” Steve said, once they realised that they were alone. “He’s a great guy, but sometimes he’s a bit… much.”Bucky was a little confused. “Didn’t ruin my night,” He said, after a beat. “Why’d you think that?”Steve blushed again, something he’d been doing a lot, and Bucky liked it. He liked the way that the colour got high in his cheeks, liked the way that it sped up his heartbeat, just loud enough for Bucky to feel the vibrations. A lot of people around them were throwing out hormones, and Bucky was starting to feel high on their desires.“Well, you know.” Steve said, waving a hand vaguely. “Aren’t you here to… um… feed?”Bucky remembered the blond on the dancefloor, who paled in comparison to the blond in front of him. “Nah. Just had a bad day at work.” He said, which was mostly true. “Just liked the idea of a couple of beers and a bit of dancing.”“You wanna dance?” Steve asked, after downing his beer. He didn’t wait for Bucky to say anything in return, just walked with purpose towards the floor. Bucky liked dancing. More specifically, Bucky liked grinding. Grinding was the best, sex with clothes on. It had started off pretty chaste, too, Steve keeping some distance between them, but the floor was packed and Bucky wasn’t particularly fond of making room for Jesus – he stepped forward and pulled Steve a little closer.Grinding was the best.He could feel his eyes adjusting to the darkness, feel the prickle of sweat on his skin, the scent of a horny Incubus hard to disguise – people around them were drawing closer without even realising it, pushing Steve closer into the hard lines of Bucky’s body.Grinding was the best.Steve was swaying, mostly to the beat, and although Bucky wouldn’t ever call him a good dancer, he was certainly enjoying the feel of Steve’s smaller body against his. Hardly any space between them, and Bucky was starting to become aware of a few things.Firstly, there was no way Steve wasn’t aware that he was pressing up against an Incubus. Secondly, he knew said Incubus (Bucky) hadn’t gotten laid in a while – long enough to start sweating sulphur in his sleep. Thirdly, the Incubus he was pressing up against was totally into him.He might not be an Ogre, but Bucky wasn’t embarrassed about what he was packing in his pants, and Steve was swaying those narrow hips up against Bucky’s obvious interest in the proceedings.Other people too, were starting to press in, lust and desires filling Bucky up like a sponge – when Steve looked over his shoulder, Bucky’s feral grin and night blacked eyes were obvious.“Wanna get out of here?” The smaller man asked, and Bucky nodded. Bucky woke up feeling like he could take on the world. Steve was snoring slightly, face smushed up against Bucky’s bicep, drooling a little. Bucky didn’t give a shit. He could see the tattooed lines that worked all the way over Steve’s body – heart lines and bloodlines, stamina inks and a few charms he couldn’t quite place but looked a little Fay, perhaps. God damn, Bucky was going to spend a long time mapping out each thin line with his tongue. The whole room reeked of good sex, satisfaction and a smugness that might have been Steve, because damn.Bucky might have been made for sex, but Steve was made for sex. He grinned, wolfish. Oh yeah, Steve Rogers rocked his world, and the little shit knew it.Carefully, trying not to wake Steve, who would need another couple of hours sleep after Bucky kept him up (ha, he laughed at his own joke) most of the night, Bucky slid out of bed.His apartment was nice, he earned enough that he wasn’t living in a shoebox and he looked after himself and his things, so he’d been more than happy for Steve to go to his place. It also meant that he knew exactly what was in the fridge and what he could make for breakfast.He showered before heading through to the kitchen, wearing a pair of workout pants that made his ass look amazing because he wasn’t ruling out more sex later, once Steve had gotten something to eat.He was flipping pancakes expertly (He made a killer breakfast) when he heard Steve wake up. He figured that’s what the ‘thump’ of a small body hitting the floor was, at least.“Hey, you can eat first or have a shower.” He called out, grabbing the last of the batter. “But I’ve got bacon under the grill and I’m not sure how you like your eggs, so...”“I should go.”Bucky turned. Steve was already pulling on his shirt, covering up those tattoos Bucky had planned to map out in great detail later. His socks were on, and he was looking around for his shoes. They were by the door, put neatly there by Bucky as he’d picked up and folded their strewn clothing after his shower.Of course.He’d been stupid to think that it was more that a one night thing. Steve hadn’t shown any interest at all in Bucky until the club – and Bucky was aware that they’d had a couple of beers, enough maybe for Steve not to care so much about sleeping with the guy he knew from a coffee shop.Of course.“Yeah, cool.” Bucky said, grinning even though he didn’t feel much like smiling. Steve wasn’t the first guy to leave before breakfast, and he probably wouldn’t be the last, lots of people wanted to sleep with guys like him. “Uh, your shoes are in the hall.” He turned back to the ‘just had great sex’ pancake in the pan and flipped it. Perfect and round.Bucky could make a great breakfast.Afterall, he had a lot of practice.“Thanks.” Steve said, sounding... strained. “Uh, look...”Bucky  expertly added the pancake to the pile he’d already made, and reached out for the last of the batter. Great, now he was going to end up with too many leftovers and the ‘it just wont work out’ speech.He could hear Steve take a deep breath. Here goes.“Look, I’m sorry if I took advantage of the situation last night, I know it wasn’t fair of me to do that. I just... I’m really sorry. It was a shitty thing to do.” Steve said, words tumbling fast and strained. “I know you’re not looking for anything else, so... I’m just... I’m gonna go.”Bucky  poured the mixture into the pan. “Sure.” He agreed. He was still smiling. “I get it, it’s cool.” A shrug of his shoulder, casual. Bucky was great as casual.“So you’re not mad?”“Mad?” Bucky said, grinning at the pan. “Why would I be mad?” He turned to look over his shoulder at Steve, who was biting his lip. The night before, Bucky had done that – it had caused Steve to whine into his mouth. “You aint the first guy looking to get his rocks off with someone like me.” He pointed out, and shit, he knew that came out a little too bitter. “It’s totally cool, Steve.” He said, grinning again. His face was starting to hurt from the strain.“No, it’s not like that!” Steve said, looking like he was going to take a step forward and then changing his mind. “Look, I know you’re not into me like that, I’m sorry, okay? You just... you just...” Steve stopped, ran his long fingers through his hair and let out a sigh. “Look, I knew last night that you hadn’t fed in a while, and I’ve been crushing on you since you kicked me out of your stupid spot at Starks and I’m sorry I took advantage of you like that.” A pause. “I’m really not an asshole.”Bucky flipped the pancake.“You should stay for breakfast.” He said, after a few seconds of Steve not saying anything else. “Cause I think we might need to actually talk to one another here.”Jesus Christ. “You two look disgustingly happy.” Tony said, as Steve piled a single plate high with cake slices as Bucky fixed up a pot of coffee behind the counter. “Pepper, tell them to stop.”“Hush.” Pepper said, handing Bucky over two mugs. “They can be happy if they like.” She smiled.“They smell like sex.” Tony carried on complaining, as though he hadn’t heard Pepper speak. “Still. It’s been months. No one has that much sex.”“Maybe you don’t.” Steve said, balancing another slice of cake on top of his already teetering plate.“You will not respond to that.” Pepper said, the instant Tony opened his mouth to reply. “I will set you on fire.”Bucky laughed at Tony’s expression.“Man, you were the one who married a phoenix.” He said, bussing a kiss on Peppers cheek as he carried the pot of coffee and the mugs over to their couch.The couch, it turned out, could be moulded in just the right way that both of them could slouch down together. Sure, they had to wriggle a little bit, and maybe sometimes a stray spring would poke at Buck’s thigh, but it was worth it when Steve, belly full of cake and bad coffee, dozed against him, smelling like sex and smugness.So worth it.The café looked a quiet place, at first glance. A little shabby, a little worn. The paint covering the door was old, distressed around the edges. The windows were clean, but the frames were nicked, pocket marked by age and use. A perpetually full bowl of cat food sat to one side of the door.  The sign was perhaps the only truly cared for part of the cafe, and even it was just— simple. Plain, even. Clear white lettering against a black background said Black Cat Café. It was not a proclamation, not even an invitation, just a statement. Here is a café. Come if you want damn good coffee without any frills. All told, it was not a place most would give a second glance to. But then again, appearances had always been deceiving.  It sat comfortably in a small district of Tokyo. Two blocks to the north was one of the biggest underground crime centers of the nation, a conglomerate of villains and people with nefarious intentions.  Two blocks to the south sat Endeavor’s Hero Agency.  It was fitting, that the café sat between these two places. It straddled both worlds, after all, a safe place for villains and heroes both. Each group knew the three Very Official Unofficial Rules of the Black Cat Café— no violence, no shop-talk, and above all else, no getting between the owner and his coffee.  The owner had not originally designed it that way, but well, he could hardly have helped it. Not with his quirk, not with his temperament, and most especially not with his damned morals.  The inside was a contrast from the shabby exterior— the smooth lacquer tables were well cared for, smooth and shiny in the dim lighting. A hulking espresso maker stood on a long mahogany bar, industrial and imposing. Rows of small white coffee cups lined the edge of the counter, a barrier between coffee-maker and coffee-drinker. This was by design.  Behind the bar now stood a man with pale blue hair. His posture was slouched, and he was blanketed in a black hoodie twice the size of his torso. He looked at once sullen and fragile. This was deceiving, as he was far from fragile.  His hands worked quickly over the espresso machine, pinky fingers perpetually raised. The smell of fresh coffee hit the air like a bomb, and he slid a small cup across the counter without sparing a glance at the waiting customer. This was usual, and the customer took no offense.  This man— barely twenty, so perhaps young man was more appropriate— was not the owner. But he was important.  Low conversation filled the café, interrupted only by the occasional burr of the grinder. In the background could be heard the sound of crooning jazz, soft enough to be a lullaby.  And it often was, for the owner. His hair was as unkempt as the outside of the café, and just as deceiving. Dark sunglasses covered his gaze, as was usual— the glasses never came off. Behind the glasses, his eyes were tired, dry, and a perpetual red. A loose shirt, wide collared and soft, completed the disheveled look. He was sitting, now, in a small corner table, leaning back into the soft embrace of the leather armchair with a cat’s grace.  It was a prime spot, secluded and slightly raised from the rest of the café. Far more comfortable than any other table. Still, no customer ever sat there. They knew better than to risk it.  Redeye was a dangerous man, when angered, and no one wanted to be on the wrong end of his glare.   Before logic had won out, he had considered going by Eraser. The soft, sentimental side whispered close, it’s close enough. But he was nothing if not a practical man, and in the end, he discarded the idea. He was done with that life— done with the endless fight against humanity, done with seeing the worst of the world. He had something important to protect, now. There could be no reminders— no tracks to find him.  If he sometimes remembered the name, if his eyes sometimes gentled at the thought of Eraserhead and the person who had given him that moniker, well. No one needed to know, and no one ever would.  Aizawa Shota received his hero license at the tender age of sixteen. He spent eight years doing good with a low profile, committed and terrifyingly talented. No one knew his name, but villains soon learned to fear a man wearing goggles.  At twenty-four, he disappeared. No friends could track him down, no family knew his whereabouts. The police looked into the possibility of kidnap, but could find no evidence.  For all intents and purposes, Aizawa Shota no longer existed.  His closest friends— a young Midnight and a younger Present Mic— searched for him. They called in favors from heroes around the nation, but there was nothing to find. Shota had erased his own existence as thoroughly as he erased quirks. They never gave up the search.   Some days, Hizashi will see a hint of scruffy black hair and tired eyes around a corner, in an alley, he’s right there— His nightmares are worse, on those days.  It is no surprise they do not find him. Saying Shota is good at stealth is akin to saying a cat likes milk. It is not wrong— but it is a foolish understatement.  And Shota— Shota has had six years to hone his skills. He has new scars, newer habits. Some days, he thinks Hizashi wouldn’t be able to recognize him.  His nightmares are worse, on those days.   As he stood there, eyes red, poised over the crying form of a twelve-year-old child who had just dissolved his father into dust, Shota just couldn’t understand. How had the world come to this? The boy picked up a bloody hand, small fingers shaking. “Pa-papa?” 
How had it come to this?
 Shota closed his eyes against a rush of familiar bitterness, and the hand dissolved under tiny fingers. A scream tore through the room, high and so very fragile.  His eyes opened again, flashing red before the child could harm himself. They would stay red for the next five years. He took the boy.  That was the day the hero Eraserhead vanished, the day Aizawa Shota went truly underground. It was the day that changed the path of history irreparably.  Companion piece to this post Hot Coffee Shop Guy AU~~~It starts, as does so many things in Bucky’s life, with  Steve.Or, more accurately, with Steve relentlessly badgering him.“Staying locked up in here’s not healthy for you Buck,” Steve tells him, face set in a familiar mulish expression.It’s the same expression that’s been a constant in Bucky’s life ever since he’d helped Steve pull himself out of that dumpster when they were seven.After much thought over a number of years Bucky’s pretty much come to the conclusion that Steve used to be an actual honey badger in a past life.They’re both small, vicious, and completely ready to throw down at any given point and time no matter how big their opponent is.It fits.“I’m  fine, Stevie,” Bucky groans, head pressed against the back of the couch and his right arm thrown across his eyes.“You’re not  fine, Buck,” Steve presses as he props his long fingered, paint spattered hands on his thin, bony hips and glares down at Bucky.Bucky doesn’t even have to look to know Steve’s glaring, it’s implied in his tone of voice.And his general personality when he’s not getting his way.“Fine  isn’t staying locked up in your apartment for weeks on end,” Steve keeps going even as he kicks out lightly with one booted foot.  “Feet down, you heathen,” he says as he knocks Bucky’s feet off of the coffee table Bucky’s  feet off of  Bucky’s  coffee table, in  Bucky’s own apartment.Like Steve isn’t the same little fuck who Bucky’s caught drinking  paint water  from a clearly labeled cup more than once.But no, that’s fine, that’s just an  artist’s forgetfulness.  That’s  charming.  But let Bucky put his feet on his own coffee table and suddenly he’s a  heathen.It’s just par for the course of Bucky’s life that he can’t even get any basic respect out of his best friend in his own home these days.“Stop acting like I don’t go places,” Bucky tells him.  “I go places all the time.”“Therapy and grocery shopping don’t count.”  Steve insists.“Bullshit,” Bucky grumbles, “they both fucking count.”“Buck,” Steve suddenly sounds sad, the little manipulative fuck.  “Come on, I’m worried about you.”“God  Stevie,  fine,” Bucky finally groans as he moves his arm and levels his best baleful stare in Steve’s direction.  “What do you want out of me now, huh?”“I want you to get up, take a shower, and get out of this apartment with me for a bit.”  Steve tells him mercilessly.“And go where?”  Bucky asks. “I’ve got one friend stateside and that’s your scrawny ass.  So where,  exactly, are you so determined to make me go?”“Don’t be like that,” Steve protests.  “You’ve got more friends than just me and you know it.  What about Clint and Natasha? Or Sam? Or even Thor and Loki?”“First of all,” Bucky raise a finger up, “Barton barely ranks as a human friend.  He’s more like Natasha’s really large pet. Second,” Bucky raises up another finger, “Natasha doesn’t have  friends.  She has marks and potential marks.  And enemies. Can’t forget those.”“You’re ridiculous,” Steve rolls his eyes, “What about Sam then huh?”“Wilson is your friend, not mine,” Bucky reminds him.  “And one of these days I’m gonna throw him off the bridge at the park just to see if he really can swim.”“You two are gonna end up getting arrested one of these days,” Steve points out.“Your point?”  Bucky asks because Steve’s right, Bucky knows he’s right.But the thing is, Bucky doesn't really  care.If he ends up getting arrested in the process of humiliating Wilson it will have been worth it.Plus Bucky can always just pull his dog tags out of his shirt, wave his prosthetic around, smile as sweetly as possible, and pretend to be confused.People get kind of tetchy about arresting one armed vets for some reason, although, to be fair, people, even cops, get squirrely about missing limbs in general.Bucky thinks it’s because they’re never sure, exactly, how they’re supposed to handcuff him.Either way it’s worked for him before and he’s sure it will again.“My  point, asshole,” Steve says, “is that you can’t keep acting like I’m the only person in your life.  Hell Loki and Thor have both invited you out pretty much every week this month and you keep saying no.”“You must actually  want me to get arrested if you want me sit through another one of Loki’s shitty French dramas or listen to Thor wax on about Jane,” Bucky points out.There’s a moment of silence.“Fair,” Steve agrees with a grimace.Because Loki really does have shit taste in movies.  Hell Bucky actually speaks French so he knows there’s better shit than the trash Loki keeps picking.  And if he has to listen to Thor go on about Jane anymore he’s either going to go insane or ask her to marry Thor himself.Neither of those two options sounds at all appealing.“Look,” Steve finally sighs, “just … just come to the shop with me.  Bring your laptop, sit down, have a drink or four or a muffin or whatever.  Just, get out of this apartment Buck. Cause I,  we, are all worried about you.  You haven’t been the same since …,” Steve cuts himself off with a grimace, “we just don’t want to see you waste away in here.”Bucky is, as always, far weaker to Steve’s genuine worry than he should be.And to the guilt over the loss of Bucky’s arm that Steve can’t seem to shake despite the fact that it is, very clearly, not his fault.But then Bucky using his military pay to help out with Steve’s art school tuition has left Steve feeling as if Bucky’s entire enlistment was his fault anyways.It’s something they’re still working out between the two of them.“Fine,” he finally grumbles, “I’ll go but I’m not staying long and I’m not making it a habit.”“Baby steps,” Steve agrees with a happy grin.  “Better than nothing.”~~~ Espresso Yourself  is a nice shop, Bucky admits that readily enough as he trudges in behind Steve, laptop in his bag and left glove pulled on securely.Natasha’s a deft hand as a barista and Clint, her human shaped appendage, makes up for basically all of himself by making actual magic in the kitchen.Well that and shockingly good latte art when he fills in behind the counter.  Even if he has been doing nothing but dogs for months now in his one man effort to wear Natasha down into letting him get a puppy.Bucky's got the insider information that he’s gonna be really happy come his birthday in a few weeks.Steve gets him settled quickly enough at a table with one of Natasha’s special drink blends made just for him and one of Clint’s double fudge cupcakes.  They sit there together for a bit, chatting back and forth about Bucky’s newest book and Steve’s new piece.It’s nice, relaxing and familiar.Then, about fifteen minutes in, Steve promptly abandons him when his agent texts him about the gallery meeting they’ve been angling for.  There’s some show being put on by some upper-crust tech CEO with more money than god that Steve’s work would, apparently, be perfect for.  He’s been hashing things out with the woman in charge for months now.Bucky waves him off and promises to stay at least long enough to finish his drink.“He’s been worried about you,” Natasha says as she slides up to his table with another thick dark drink made just for him and a platter of cookies Bucky very much  did not order.  But they’re Clint’s dark chocolate chunk recipe so he’ll allow it.“Stevie worries too much,” Bucky says as he snaps a hand out towards the platter and shoves an entire stolen cookie in his mouth before Natasha can stop him.Natasha makes an agreeing sound, pats him on his head, and walks back towards the counter.She leaves the entire platter of cookies though and Bucky can’t help but feel as if he’s being bribed to stay.It works but that’s hardly the point.~~~Bucky’s half way through the platter and has his laptop open in front of him as he one hand types when his entire world gets thrown off kilter.The bell at the front door jingles and Bucky, instincts and reflexes still as sharp as ever, automatically looks up and zeroes in on the sound.And that’s when  he walks in.He’s shorter than Bucky by a pretty good amount and slender, lean in a way that speaks of  strength instead of weakness.  He’s all fluffy black hair with an immaculate but interestingly flashy goatee, sweet golden bronze skin, and he also happens to be rocking a three piece suit that looks like it cost more than Bucky’s rent.He’s absolutely  gorgeous.And what makes it better is that when he strides up to the counter, his suit pants pull tight against an ass that makes Bucky actively sit up and take notice.Bucky watches, trying his best not to be too obvious, as the man gives Natasha his order, one black coffee with two shots of espresso from what Bucky can hear.  The smile he gives her afterwards is enough to make Bucky feel vaguely weak in the knees even from the side.Then Gorgeous, as Bucky abruptly names him in his head, slides a bit further down the counter and reaches for his wallet.  He pulls out what Bucky’s pretty sure is a crisp hundred and stuffs it in the tip jar Clint decorated to look like a bulls-eye.And then he turns and looks directly at Bucky.Staring into big doe eyes from across the way Bucky resists the urge to bring his hand up to grip at his chest.Because that split second is all it takes.One look and Bucky is officially  gone.~~~“See something you like?” Natasha slithers up to his side after Gorgeous chugs at least half of his drink in impressive time as he leaves.“He a regular?”  Bucky can’t help but ask, too far gone to even care that Natasha is, likely, going to immediately text Steve about this.  Hell since her phone’s already in her hand she’s probably actively texting him about it right now.Bucky doesn’t actually care because he’s pretty sure he just saw his future husband.“You really do live under a rock don’t you?”  The look Natasha gives him is narrow eyed and searching before she smiles just a bit, and shakes her head.  “His name’s Tony, or at least that’s what he gave for his order.”“Tony,” Bucky hums as he resists the urge to find a pen so he can doodle  Tony Barnes  and little hearts on his napkin like he’s back in grade school.  “It suits him.”“Yeah,” Natasha shakes her head, “you’re pathetic.  It’s actually kind of cute.”“Think he’d mind a winter wedding?”  Bucky asks. “That way I could wear gloves?”“Absolutely pathetic.” Natasha repeats as she goes to turn away.“Keep it up and we won’t name any of the kids after you,” Bucky calls at her retreating back.Natasha gives him the finger and doesn’t even break stride.~~~“So,” Steve says as soon as he pushes his way inside Bucky’s apartment later on that evening, “Natasha said you’re getting married.  Dibs on best man and you’d better let me paint the wedding portrait. I might actually be able to capture what little bit of a good side you got.”“You’re hilarious,” Bucky cuts back.  “Keep your shit up and I’ll make Clint my best man and I’ll make sure your seat’s outside.  By the bathroom. Where you belong.”“Rude,” Steve says as he strips off his leather jacket and collapses down onto Bucky’s couch.  “So tell me more about your husband to be.”“His name’s Tony and he’s  gorgeous,” Bucky sighs as he slumps back down on the opposite end of the couch, laptop balanced on his knees.“Yeah Natasha said that’s what you’d say,” Steve pokes him in the rib cage with one sharp, spindly finger.  “More information would be good.”“Why?”  Bucky asks as he swats Steve’s hand away from his side.  “I’m the one marrying him, not you.”“You don’t know anything else about him do you?”  Steve cuts right to the chase.“No,” Bucky admits sullenly.“Nat’s right,” Steve sighs.  “You are pathetic.”Bucky can’t actually protest that either way at the moment.“Well,” Steve finally says.  “On the bright side I guess this means you’ll be getting out of the apartment more right?”There’s a moment of silence.“Son of a bitch,” Bucky grumbles because they both know it’s true.Bucky’s gonna have to go to the shop if he wants the chance to see his future husband again.Beside him Steve laughs delightedly.Bucky feels zero remorse for hitting him with one of the throw pillows Thor had bought him.~~~Sure enough the next day finds Bucky back in the shop around the same time and at the same table he’d had the day before.Natasha, running the register, looks unbearably amused and smug to see him.Bucky ignores her and pretends like he’s not watching the door with sniper like intensity.Unfortunately Gorgeous Tony doesn’t show up.Bucky’s more disappointed than he wants to admit.It doesn’t stop him from going back the next day.Or the next.He’s been getting more work done sitting in the shop than he wants to admit plus Natasha’s been giving him free cookies, and Steve looks happier by the day.So, overall, it might actually be a win that Bucky’s pretty much adjusted his entire schedule on a whim.Go figure.~~~Then, almost a week after seeing him for the first and only time, the bell above the shop door rings and Bucky looks up just as Gorgeous Tony walks back into his life.And, Bucky notes helplessly, he looks just as good as he had the first time.Maybe even  better if that’s at all possible since this time he looks well rested and calmer.Bucky, caught off guard after being ready to give up hope of ever seeing Gorgeous Tony again, is struck dumb.So instead of saying anything, instead of mustering the courage to approach him, he just sits in the corner and stares like a fucking creeper.Gorgeous Tony doesn’t stay long, just gets his order, shoves some bills in the tip jar, and strolls out, throat working as he chugs his drink.Bucky just watches him go as he brings his hand up to frame  that ass  with his fingers and sigh wistfully.From behind the counter Natasha stares at him judgingly but, again, Bucky doesn’t care.~~~Tony Spotting™ becomes one of Bucky’s new favorite past times as he settles into the shop everyday, laptop in tow as he plows through his newest manuscript.Bucky won’t admit it but Steve was right.  Being out of the apartment for more than just therapy and food has done a lot for both his mood and his productivity.That being said writing is still semi-slow going because his arm is good for a lot of things but the finger articulation isn’t exactly great for typing so he’s mostly going about it one handed.But the ten to fifteen seconds of eye contact he gets with Tony almost every day is worth it.Steve finds the entire thing beyond amusing right up until he finally sees Tony for himself a month or so in.Bucky’s finally shed his glove and moved to short sleeves in honor of the quickly rising heat and the vague hope that Tony won’t be off put by his prosthetic like some people are.  He’s sitting at his usual table, the one with the good view of the door and the counter, when Tony comes in right on time.Bucky can’t help the small appreciative hum he gives off when he sees the dark three piece suit with red accents Tony’s wearing today.“Lover boy here?” Steve perks up from across the table where he’s been bent over his sketchbook.“Lower your voice or I’ll make sure you never speak again,” Bucky hisses sharply as he kicks out at Steve beneath the table and raises his hand to get Natasha’s attention because he needs another drink.“Calm down he can’t hear me from here,” Steve says as he snaps his book closed, picks up his tea, and turns in his seat to look towards the counter.  “Now let me see my future brother-in-law.”“Dark suit, ass crafted out of dreams, and standing by the counter  obviously,” Bucky says because he not so secretly enjoys ribbing Steve when he can.  It’s an important part of their relationship.Steve, mug of tea raised up, takes one look at Gorgeous Tony and promptly chokes.Tony turns towards the sound, brows raised in curiosity, and Bucky feels his ears turn red at the tips as he reaches over and pats Steve none too gently on the back.Standing at the counter behind Tony, two cups in hand, Natasha’s also staring at them obviously unimpressed.“Stop dying you little fuck,” Bucky hisses low and vicious, “you’re embarrassing me in front of my fiance.”“That’s your dream husband?”  Steve half whispers, half screams as he looks between Tony at the counter and Bucky.“Yeah,” Bucky cuts a look in Tony’s direction and does his best to keep his expression from going dopey and soft when they make eye contact again.  As it is he can practically hear the cartoon hearts in his own voice. Hell if the way Natasha rolls her eyes at him from behind Tony as she puts the drinks down at the edge of the counter is anything to go by there might actually be cartoon hearts.  “Ain’t he  perfect?”“Oh he’s … he’s  something alright,” Steve sounds caught between incredulous and dazed.  “You sure all you know is his first name?”“Unfortunately,” Bucky says as he continues staring at Tony, more than a bit lovelorn.  “Don’t matter though, cause his last name’s gonna be Barnes eventually.”Bucky sees Steve open his mouth to say something else out of the corner of his eye but just then Natasha makes a small lunging motion towards Tony who’s picked up one of the two drinks.She’s too late though, Tony’s already chugging the drink without a pause, head tipped back and throat working in a way Bucky knows he probably shouldn’t find attractive but  does.Behind the counter Natasha’s staring at him in what looks like a strange mix of horror, awe, and what could be a hint of fear.And that’s when Bucky realizes what’s happened.Tony had, obviously, grabbed the wrong drink.Instead of whatever he’d ordered Tony had gotten his hands on Bucky’s specially formulated drink.All Bucky can do is watch, awed, as he finishes the thing off only to turn to a slightly flustered Natasha with a curious expression.“Wrong drink,” Natasha says flatly as she holds out Tony’s actual order.“Ah,” Tony says, looking bashful enough to make Bucky’s entire chest seize up.  “Sorry darling, I’ll pay for it.”Tony does and then he shoves even more money into the tip jar before he looks over at Bucky one last time, grabs his actual order, and finally heads for the door.Bucky’s left behind, uncomfortably flustered, as he watches him leave again.“He just chugged my entire special dark blend quad espresso in forty-five seconds flat without flinching,” Bucky finally sighs dreamily.  “I’m gonna have his babies, Stevie. His beautiful, caffeine proof babies.”“Pretty sure that’s not how that works, Buck,” Steve, staring at Tony’s retreating back with a mix of horror and incredulity, also somehow manages to sound unbearably amused and vaguely disgusted all at the same time.  He’s talented like that. “And honestly I’m not even sure how either of you are  alive after drinking that shit, it’s toxic.”“All you drink is tea, so you and your leaf water don’t get an opinion.  Besides, don’t try to crush my dreams you little shit,” Bucky says as he reaches over the table and swats halfheartedly at him.  “I’m gonna marry that man.”“Kind of hard to marry the guy if you  don’t actually talk to him.”  Steve points out like the killjoy he not so secretly is.It is, Bucky’s realized over the years, one of Steve’s superpowers.  Right up there with stubbornness and living through almost every allergy known to man.  And a few Steve probably discovered himself.“I should’ve drowned you when we were kids,” Bucky grumbles as he curls his hands around his cup, grimacing lightly at the now long familiar but still irritatingly loud grinding of his prosthetic.“Truth hurts, Buck,” Steve cuts back unsympathetically from beneath blue tipped bangs.  “I’m all for you finding a husband but you can’t do that without actually talking to him first.  I mean, what’s your game plan here? You gonna Care Bear stare St-Tony  into marrying you?”“You never know,” Bucky shrugs, only half jokingly, “it could work.”~~~It doesn’t work.Or at least if it is working it’s working bit by bit on such a slow basis that Bucky can’t really tell the difference.Because months of eye contact and longing sighs pass and Bucky  still can’t seem to gather the nerve to actually talk to Tony.Natasha and Clint both mock him mercilessly as does Sam.  Loki had laughed, opened his mouth to say something, and then been abruptly dragged off by Natasha when he’d found out.Steve’s been surprisingly decent about it all but Bucky’s also seen him sliding money to Natasha that he’s pretty sure is going into the pot he’s not supposed to know about.The one dedicated to when, exactly, he’ll finally get the guts to talk to his future husband.That or give up the ghost and go on one of the blind dates Thor keeps trying to set him up on to help him get his mind off of Tony.  At least Natasha seems to have stopped her matchmaking attempts for the time being.Well her matchmaking outside of the shop because Bucky’s not oblivious to all the pointed looks, loudly held conversations, and attempts to push Bucky further in Tony’s direction.He’s been resisting because he wants to do this on his own time and in his own way.  Tony’s the first person he’s felt any interest for, even on a purely physical level, since he lost his arm.So this … this needs to be handled just right no matter what they say or how they pick at him for being overly dramatic.Or, as Clint says, a ‘fucking heart-eyed creeper in the corner'.Honestly Bucky can’t help but wonder if any of them really remember that before he lost his arm he was a sniper by trade.And that means he’s got patience to spare.Plus, as Steve should remember, even before his stint in the military Bucky had always been more than a bit loyal even to minor crushes.So yeah, he’s a bit preoccupied with Tony at the moment and that … that’s probably not going to change.Which may or may not be a good thing in this situation.Because, in the end, Steve’s actually right. Again.He’s never gonna move passed the starring stage and get anywhere with Tony if he doesn’t at least  talk to him.But that, Bucky has found, is a bit easier said than done, all things considered.~~~At least it is ... right up until it’s  not.Because Steve, skinny, belligerently kind Steve, has an asthma attack.Right at Bucky’s table.Right after Tony has walked through the door and just placed his order.Bucky sees the warning signs as soon as they happen and he moves with an instinct and smoothness born of long years of friendship and more than one terrifying hospital trip.  He’s got his bag open and is out of his seat and sliding around the table the  second  Steve starts to really  wheeze and slumps out of his chair.He guides Steve down to the floor carefully, going down behind him until he’s got Steve’s back pressed against his chest.  The emergency inhaler that everyone in their group carries is in his good hand as he pushes it up towards Steve’s mouth, taking deliberately deep breathes that will be easier for Steve to match.“Come on buddy,” Bucky says, careful to keep his voice even and calm.  A hint of panic from Bucky will only make Steve worse, they know that from experience.  “Two puffs and then I’m gonna need you to breathe, Stevie. Nice and easy now, okay?”Steve just nods his head, clutches at Bucky’s hand and the inhaler it’s holding, and does his best to breathe.Bucky, intent on making sure his best friend isn’t turning blue in the face anymore, ignores the commotion in the shop and the sound of footsteps coming closer.“He okay?”  A rich, smooth voice asks from the side.  “You need me to call it in? Or maybe a ride to a hospital or something?”Bucky looks up then and finds himself staring directly at Tony who’s watching the two of them, brows furrowed, phone in hand, and eyes dark with concern.Natasha and Clint are there too, standing just beside Tony, both with their own inhalers in hand, but for a split second all Bucky can focus on is Tony.He really is  beautiful.Bucky shakes the thought off quickly enough because Steve and getting him to breathe is far more important at the moment.Thankfully Steve’s already beginning to find a steady breathing rhythm, the extra strength inhaler doing its job with relieving ease.Which means this wasn’t, despite how it may have appeared, actually a severe attack.“I think he’s good,” Bucky finally remembers Tony’s questions as he feels Steve trying to match the rhythm of his breathing.  “Wasn’t so severe. I’ll get him back to his apartment once he’s steadier. Some rest and he’ll be okay.”“Sure you don’t want that ride?”  Tony asks softly.“That’s real sweet of you, doll,” Bucky cuts a small smile up at Tony whose eyes widen abruptly, “but we’re gonna be here a while.  Don’t want you to be late, wherever it is you gotta go with that fancy suit.”“Ah,” Tony clears his throat slightly, “alright, if you’re sure.  I hope he feels better.”And then, much to Bucky’s confusion, Tony turns on his heel and scuttles out of the shop, freshly made drink left behind on the counter.Bucky doesn’t let himself linger on that though, instead he focuses on getting Steve evened back out and then, once he’s steady, all of their stuff bundled up so he can get both of them home.Attacks, even the less severe ones, always take a lot out of Steve so Bucky needs to flag down a cab and get him home as soon as possible.The only thing is, when Bucky steps out of the shop with Steve pressed close to his side and Natasha and Clint yelling at him to call them later behind him, there’s a cab already idling at the sidewalk.The cab ride’s not long but Steve and Bucky both must look worse for the wear because the cabbie refuses to take their fair.  Hell once Bucky looks up he realizes the man’s meter isn’t even running. And when Bucky questions him about it all he does is grin and tell him he had some luck today and that he was clocking off early anyways and they weren’t far off his route home.It’s a kind gesture that actually helps Bucky feel a little less tense as he follows Steve into his building.Sometimes the world really can be kind.~~~“You know,” Steve rasps about half an hour later from where he’s laying sprawled across his hideous but  outrageously comfortable plaid couch, “that would have been a perfect time to really talk to him.  I mean I let you look like a hero and everything, jumping to help out a sick friend. Would’ve been a good in.”“Next time I’ll let you suffocate while I hit on the guy of my dreams okay?”  Bucky snips back easily enough. “Now stop talking before I smother you with a pillow and save us both the trouble.”“You’d be lost without me,” Steve flaps a hand dismissively at his threat.“I’d be on a date with my fiance right now if I didn’t have you to worry about, you little fungus,” Bucky denies easily, even as he sits down and pulls Steve’s feet into his lap.They both know he’s joking anyways so it’s all good.~~~Another month or so passes after Steve’s attack.And after much waxing poetic about how  sweet and ready to be help Tony had been that day Bucky thinks he might actually be ready to talk to him outside of a crisis.There’s also the fact that if he doesn’t do something soon Steve might actually try to strangle him.He wouldn’t really be able to reach Bucky’s throat but, again, Bucky’s not willing to take that chance.  Steve’s vicious when he’s determined and he’s almost always determined about something.Plus, if he’s being honest, Bucky really does feel like it’s time so it’s less about finally giving into the peer pressure and more about finally being actually ready.So. determined, Bucky puts his game face on and gets ready.After an extra long shower and scrub down he puts on the red Henley Natasha bought him, the one she says makes him look  edible.  Then he dries his hair and lets it stay down from its regular little bun so that it hangs around his jaw line.He even takes the time to shave his scruff down to more  attractively stubbled  levels before he heads out to the shop.Nerves jangling more than he likes to admit Bucky orders a drink, something filled with enough sugar that even Clint blanches when he drinks it, and settles in to wait.And then wait some more.Because, for the first time in closer to a year than Bucky wants to admit,  Tony doesn’t show.Disappointed Bucky slinks home that afternoon with zero work done and more than a bit sugar high.But he’s still determined so he tries to cheer himself up with the fact that there’s always tomorrow.~~~Only tomorrow comes and for the second day in a row Tony’s a no show.In fact the only person besides the few regulars that Bucky sees is a stern looking black man in an Air Force uniform who strides into the shop, takes one look around and immediately zeroes in on Bucky’s table.Bucky, caught off guard, automatically stands and salutes as soon as he sees the man’s rank.He might not have been Air Force himself but he’s still gonna be respectful.  Spent too many years in the service and had his ass saved too many time by other branches to not be all things considered.“Unit and specialization?”  Air Force asks briskly without even bothering to introduce himself.“107th,” Bucky instantly volunteers, “sniper, Sir.”Bucky feels as if he’s seen this guy somewhere before but he just can’t put his finger on  where.“Hold still for a second,” Air Force orders as he brings a sleek looking phone up between them.  Bucky freezes, slightly wide eyed, as the other man takes his picture.Air Force lowers his phone, fingers flying across the screen, and offers zero explanation as to what’s going on.Behind the counter Natasha actually looks ridiculously amused for some reason.“Sir?”  Bucky finally speaks up after the silence drags on for a long moment, “what’s going on?”“You’ll be seeing me soon,” Air Force announces, “and you’d better  hope it’s under good circumstances.”And then he turns on his heel and walks back out of the shop.Bucky’s left standing behind him, brows raised high in confusion, and pretty fucking sure he just got threatened.And he, for once, has absolutely no idea as to  why.~~~Steve, the little bastard that he is, finds the entire thing  hilarious for some reason when he shows up at the shop an hour or so later.“You’re so clueless that it’s honestly kind of sad,” Steve tells him as he sprawls in his chair, huge mug of tea settled to the side and a platter of lemon muffins piled high in front of him courtesy of Clint.Bucky opens his mouth to defend himself only to snap it shut when the door the shop abruptly slams open.Everybody in the shop jumps just a bit but Bucky’s frozen, eyes wide and breath caught in his throat.Because, standing there in the door after two days of being a no show, is Tony.Only he looks nothing like the Tony Bucky’s gotten so used to seeing.Gone are the regular three piece suits and perfectly coiffed hair.Instead Tony’s in a pair of ratty old jeans, some sneakers that have seen better days, and there’s what looks like motor oil streaked across one of his cheeks.Bucky's pretty sure he feels faint.There’s also he realizes a second or so later, something large and awkwardly shaped tucked under Tony's arm.Something that looks, strangely enough, a lot like a arm.But before Bucky can even blink Tony’s making a beeline towards his table.“I’ve been awake for fifty plus hours,” Tony announces as he slams his bundle down onto the table between Bucky and Steve’s muffins and drink.  “You’re gorgeous, and I built you an arm because I’m pretty sure I wanna marry you. So, wanna get hitched?”Bucky has a split second where he’s pretty sure he’s died and gone to heaven as his mind blue screens.“Yes!” He yelps without even realizing he’s opened his mouth.And then the next thing he knows Steve is kicking him beneath the table as he practically dies in laughter.“I-I mean  no,” Bucky scrambles to recover some small shred of dignity or composure, “I mean … I …  oh god kill me now.”“No take backs, handsome,” Tony announces gleefully, face split in a wide, delighted grin.  “We’re gonna get married and make gorgeous robotic babies together. I’ve decided, you’ve agreed, now all that’s left is the details.  And finally getting your name.”“I’m Bucky,” Bucky manages to find the will power and brain cells to say, “Bucky Barnes.”“I’m Tony,” Tony announces, “Tony Stark.”And then Bucky’s entire brain promptly derails itself yet again because he knows that name, everyone knows that name.  But then Bucky’s never paid much attention to the tabloids so it’s no wonder he hadn’t connected the dots before now.Hell if he'd known he was crushing on the Tony Stark he probably would have given it up pretty quickly because Tony Stark is the definition of out of his league.It turns out not to matter much either way though.Because, apparently, Tony Stark is very, very much in his league.Because Bucky's not the only one who’s been staring.  Tony’s been looking and watching awfully hard as well.So his little crush is, by some miracle of fate, entirely requited.And, as it turns out, the arm Tony built for him fits like a dream with only a few minor tweaks.Bucky’s first official date with his fiance the day after the final fitting is also a rousing success.Just like SI’s new line of affordable prosthetic limbs and parts ends up being a rousing success.  The same line of prosthetics that Tony and his terrifying Pepper Potts end up smooth talking Bucky into becoming the face of,And that's a move which, in turn, helps send his own book sales through the roof thanks to the exposure and people's curiosity turning them in his direction.None of that matters though.  Bucky would give it all away because it's not important.What's really important to him, what really matters, is the fact that, somehow, in the end, Bucky gets Tony.And then, two years later, and still blissfully happy, Bucky gets down on one knee in the middle of the shop and in front of all of their friends, and asks Tony a very specific question.Tony, to Bucky’s everlasting relief and delight, says  yes.So, in the end, Rhodes, the terrifying Air Force Colonel who still gives Bucky the ‘I’m watching you” eyes occasionally despite them bonding over the service and a mutual adoration of Tony, is Tony’s best man.Steve who, alongside the entire rest of their friend group, apparently knew Bucky’s Gorgeous Tony was  Tony Stark  the entire time and  never said anything  is,  of course, Bucky’s.  He's unbearably smug about it but Bucky can't even blame him.  He owes Steve a lot after all. And Tony’s clumsy little robot kid DUM-E is the ring bearer.Bucky loves all of Tony's creations but there's a specail soft spot in his heart for DUM-E.  The clumsy little bot is, as it turns out, the other person to whom Bucky apparently owes his happily ever after.  It was thanks to his ill timed fire extinguisher attack that Tony was running late that first day and ducked into the shop at all.Life, Bucky finds, is damn strange sometimes but is also so damn good.All because, one Monday morning in a cafe, Bucky made eye contact with the man who turned out to be the love of his life.Jeongguk’s a little ticked off, to say the least.He’s been waiting in the coffee shop for close to half an hour now, and he knows, somewhere in the back of his mind, that Areum isn’t going to show up.  She hasn’t texted to say she’s running late, and she was pretty hesitant in accepting him anyways, since she just got out of a relationship.Mostly, he’s ticked off that she said yes, and then didn’t bother to show up.  He could be at home working on his drawing for the exhibition next month or at the dance studio with Hoseok-hyung working on a new routine.And he wasn’t even particularly excited to ask Areum out, but Jimin had called him scared so Jeongguk had asked her out before he had even considered that it wasn’t the nicest thing to ask someone out just because someone else had practically dared you to do it.  So this is karma probably.  And now he’s sitting alone in a coffee shop that’s getting served by a guy who looks like he got dressed in the dark this morning, or like he picked his clothes out of his grandfather’s closet – if the pinstripe pants are anything to go by.The coffee shop is empty except for him, a lovey-dovey couple in the corner feeding each other and kissing each other between bites, and a girl basically plugged into her laptop with headphones clamped over her ears as she downs cup after cup of coffee and moves her fingers like lightning across the keyboard. And the one barista.  The one barista who’s acting out monologues behind the counter.Jeongguk would probably be more amused if he wasn’t so horrified.  Mostly it was from second-hand embarrassment.  Jeongguk can feel himself blushing a little for the guy.But the barista doesn’t seem to have any shame, continues some scene that Jeongguk thinks is supposed to take place in 13th century France, he’s not really sure, but Jeongguk can’t help but watch.  Besides the fact that the barista’s really weird, he’s also really really cute.Which is a little discomforting to Jeongguk, not because he finds the male barista hot, but because he finds the barista who has a Pikachu bandana tied around his forehead and is currently using the broom as a mic attractive.  Somehow.  Jeongguk’s still working out the logistics.He thinks he should probably leave the coffee shop before he does anything embarrassing (like flirt with the barista), but when he grabs his bag, suddenly the barista’s at his side and setting a drink down on the table.“Uh,” Jeongguk says, flicks his eyes from the mint green mug to the nametag that says V!!!!!!!!!! ^.^ and finally up to the barista’s face. “Uh?”“I made you a drink!” V says excitedly, points enthusiastically down at the mug.“I didn’t order this,” Jeongguk says slowly, because he thinks V might be the kind of person who’s a little bit sensitive when he does things for other people without being asked to, and then gets rejected.“I know!” V apparently can’t keep this dumb grin off his face, wide and bright and rectangular, but Jeongguk also doesn’t really want to see his face without it.  He kind of likes V’s smile a lot. “I made it to cheer you up.  It’s a secret drink! Not even on the menu because I made it up myself.”“Oh,” Jeongguk doesn’t know exactly what to say to this, because in any other context this could be flirting, but V also looks like the kind of person who’d do something like this in a genuine attempt to cheer someone up. “What’s in it?“I call it ‘lean green fighting machine’,” V explains. “It’s like a green tea latte, but so. Much. Better.  Look! Even the mug’s green!”“I…see,” Jeongguk stares at him a little bit, and when V’s smile wanes a little, Jeongguk hurriedly picks up the mug and takes a sip.  It was actually pretty good, it was like a green tea latte except something spicier was in it, like cinnamon.“Is it good?” V asks, eyes bright and pleading, and leaving Jeongguk a little breathless.“Uh, yeah it is, good job.”V positively preens at this and then sets down a biscotti too. “It didn’t make you smile though.”Jeongguk doesn’t know what to say to that.“Oh well,” V straightens up and claps his hands loudly. “I guess I have to try harder.  Don’t go anywhere!”Jeongguk sits back, bemused.  He watches V work behind the counter, mouth moving but Jeongguk can’t hear anything, so he thinks V might be singing.  He kind of wants to hear it because someone who smiles that bright can’t have anything less than a voice that would reach down into Jeongguk and spread out through his arms and legs and fingers and toes and fill him with so much warmth he would forget what it meant to be cold.He moves up to the bar to drop off his empty mug and plate, and slides into a stool so he can watch V work.“Aha!” V exclaims suddenly, pulls out a squeeze bottle filled with chocolate sauce, and Jeongguk watches as V’s brows furrow in complete concentration when V leans over to squeeze out a design.“So what’s your name?” Jeongguk asks finally.“V!” V quips cheerfully, not even looking up from the new drink.“No, I mean, what’s your real name?” Jeongguk laughs a little.V glances up at that, corners of his mouth lifting a little. “Kim Taehyung, 19 years old, majoring in English, and design artist extraordinaire!” He punctuates the last part by sliding the blue and white checkered mug towards Jeongguk.Jeongguk tries not to laugh, he really does, but he can’t help it because the blob looks like a camel with three humps and wings.“It looks like a camel with three humps and wings,” he tells Taehyung, not bothering to cover his laughter.Taehyung leans across the counter to look at the mug the same way as Jeongguk. “Does it really? I was trying really hard to make Pegasus though.” He pouts a little, but then smiles again. “At least it got you to smile, so I can count it as a winning design either way.”  He pokes Jeongguk’s cheek as he says this.“So what did you put in this?” Jeongguk asks, lifts the mug towards himself, trying not to blush too hard.  He doesn’t like when people he doesn’t know get too close in his personal space – he doesn’t even really like it when people he does know get too close – but Taehyung’s different for some reason.“This one is called ‘pb&j’, obviously named because it’s supposed to be peanut butter and jelly,” Taehyung explains.“Obviously,” Jeongguk can’t help the small fond smile and hopes the mug is covering it from Taehyung’s view.He takes a sip and – it’s not bad, but it takes a few sips to get used to it.  It’s a latte that has some kind of nutty flavour to it, but there must be a shot of raspberry flavour in there too.“Hmmm,” Jeongguk flicks his eyes up to Taehyung who’s bouncing up and down a little.“So, so? What do you think?” Taehyung rocks forward and props his chin up on his hands.“It’s really good,” Jeongguk says automatically, and he’s rewarded with Taehyung’s blinding smile again, so it was worth the little white lie.He forces himself to finish it, and it’s doesn’t taste too bad so he can get it down without grimacing too much, but he sighs a little in relief when he finishes.  Taehyung chatters away the whole time, talks about how he grew up in a rural area and lived on a farm, how his English teacher in high school really helped him get a scholarship to come to university in the city, how he wants to do the same thing and help other kids reach their dreams.Jeongguk thinks Taehyung’s kind of sort of amazing.(He’s also completely forgotten about his earlier vow to not embarrass himself by flirting with the barista because when Taehyung gets some whipped cream on his cheek, Jeongguk doesn’t even hesitate to lean forward a little and wipe it off.)(Taehyung immediately stops talking and his cheeks go pink, and he lets out a giggle, and Jeongguk thinks it’s the cutest thing he’s ever heard.)(Jeongguk’s never even really liked cute before, what the hell.)“Wait, what do you want to draw?” Jeongguk asks, watches as Taehyung shakes the squeeze bottle filled with chocolate.“A lion!” Taehyung shakes the bottle vigorously.“Let me.” Jeongguk holds his hand out for the bottle, feels a little stupid but kind of giddy because he wants to show off to Taehyung and he’s done cake designs before so this can’t be too different.“Oooo,” Taehyung breathes. “Really? Come around then!”“Am I allowed?” Jeongguk asks doubtfully.Taehyung shrugs. “Sure, besides, you’re the only one here.”Jeongguk looks around and realizes it’s true.  In the time of him flirting and being focused solely on Taehyung, everyone else had left the coffee shop.  He walks around the corner of the counter and joins Taehyung, maybe stands a little closer than necessary.“I don’t know your name,” Taehyung nudges him a little, not enough to move Jeongguk away.  Taehyung laughs. “And I even let you behind the counter on our first date! That’s a lot of trust you know, and I don’t even know your name.”“Jeon Jeongguk,” Jeongguk says dazedly, a little amazed at Taehyung who can say weighted words so lightly, who can act so familiarly with someone he’s only just met.  Jeongguk wants to protect it somehow, protect this side of Taehyung who lets anyone in and whose smile is the reason the sun comes up every day, just so people could see it.“Jeongguk,” Taehyung says seriously, presents him with the squeeze bottle. “I give you the chocolate sauce and I trust you to make the most majestic lion design.  If you do this, you can get one reward from Kim Taehyung.”“A reward, huh?” Jeongguk leans his hip on the side of the counter and takes the bottle from Taehyung, not even bothering to pretend that brushing Taehyung’s fingers was an accident.“Yes,” Taehyung blushes a little again, prettily, and Jeongguk decides he’s going to make the best lion he’s ever made in his life for Taehyung.It’s actually a lot harder than doing cake designs, partly because he’s never done this before but mostly because Taehyung hangs off his shoulder and makes amazed sounds every so often, right into Jeongguk’s ear.He manages to finish though, and he thinks it’s pretty good.  Taehyung thinks so too, apparently, because he makes his most excited sound yet (some kind of odd ‘PO’ noise) and wipes out his phone, takes a dozen pictures.Jeongguk’s kind of amused and watches Taehyung ooo and aaa over his design, preens a little, like he’s just proven himself as some kind of worthy candidate to Taehyung or something.“Jeonggukie!” Taehyung’s suddenly yelling into his ear as he flings an arm around Jeongguk’s shoulder and crowds into him. “Say ‘cheese’!”Jeongguk blinks at Taehyung and then Taehyung’s phone snaps the picture, and Taehyung positively jumping up and down. “It’s cute, we’re really cute!”And Jeongguk groans because he didn’t get a chance to stop looking at Taehyung, so picture-Jeongguk is staring at Taehyung with a grossly fond look as picture-Taehyung smiles big and bright up at them.“Can I drink this?” Jeongguk asks quickly, before Taehyung can say anything else about the picture.  He grabs the drink in the red mug with the lion design on it.“Yep!” Taehyung pops his ‘p’. “It’s my favourite drink and I put it in a mug with your favourite colour.”“How’d you know?” Jeongguk asks, lifting the mug to take a sip.  It’s really, really good, some kind of spicy hot chocolate.Taehyung points at his red Obey sweater and red laces on his shoes, and Jeongguk also realises his hair is red right now.“Oh.”It gets a little quiet after that, Jeongguk watching Taehyung as he clears up the dishes, and when Taehyung leans over to load the dishwasher, Jeongguk kind of wishes he could press Taehyung against the counter and kiss him, maybe leave a mark on Taehyung’s neck too.“It’s closing time soon,” Taehyung says suddenly, regretfully, and Jeongguk feels it too, wishes it wouldn’t end and he could spend even more time with Taehyung.“I, um-” Jeongguk stumbles over the words a little. “Can I walk you home? Y’know, cos, it’s late and all.”Taehyung looks a little surprised, like Jeongguk would’ve taken his words to mean it’s alright to leave, but leaving is the last thing Jeongguk wants to do.“Yeah,” he says finally, lips curling into a soft smile. “I’d really like that.”Jeongguk helps Taehyung clean up, bumps him once or twice to get little giggles from Taehyung that leave Jeongguk more than a little breathless, and then Taehyung’s locking up and hurrying over to Jeongguk.Taehyung chatters away again, like he forgot ten different things he wanted to tell Jeongguk in the time it took him to step away from Jeongguk to lock the door and then come back.  Jeongguk lets him talk, commits Taehyung’s voice to memory, the things Taehyung gets excited about, the things he likes to talk about, the things that make him happy.It’s still too soon when they make it to Taehyung’s apartment, and then suddenly Taehyung’s turning worried eyes to him, asks, “Wait, your place isn’t too far, is it?”“Don’t worry about it,” Jeongguk says, but Taehyung’s still biting his lip, so Jeongguk gathers a bit of courage and says, “I thought this was our first date? Don’t worry about it.”Taehyung’s face clears at that and he gets that soft smile again, steps a little closer to Jeongguk. “I guess we really did do a lot of first date-y things!”“Mmm,” Jeongguk agrees. “But there’s one more thing.”“What?” Taehyung asks confusedly, like he might’ve forgotten to do something.“I want to collect my reward now,” Jeongguk says, and then he’s gripping Taehyung’s hips and goes for it, prays he’s read everything right and Taehyung won’t punch him for this, and kisses Taehyung.Taehyung gasps in surprise and then positively melts into Jeongguk, hands coming up to grip at Jeongguk’s sweater.  Jeongguk’s not new to any of this, but the way Taehyung makes these little noises in the back of his throat makes Jeongguk feel like a beginner, like everything’s new and it’s the first time he’s ever kissed someone with this much intimacy and trust behind it, and Jeongguk feels dizzy from that alone.He pulls away a little regretfully, out of breath, and watches as Taehyung chases him a little, letting out a little whine.“I’m so glad I was stood up tonight,” Jeongguk murmurs, brushes his fingertips over Taehyung’s cheekbone and Taehyung laughs at that.“Me too.”  A week later, Jeongguk (officially) asks Taehyung to be his boyfriend by squeezing ‘B MINE?’ out in chocolate when he’s behind the counter with Taehyung again.(Taehyung’s set the picture he took of their ‘first date’ as the background on his phone.)  A month later Seokjin-hyung threatens to ban Jeongguk from his coffee shop if Jeongguk won’t stop going behind the counter, so Jeongguk starts bringing Namjoon-hyung with him.Seokjin’s effectively distracted by Namjoon breaking three mugs in 10 minutes and Jeongguk sneaks behind the counter when he sees Seokjin’s blushing face and Namjoon’s amazed one.  Two months later Areum runs into him after class and apologizes for not showing up.  She asks if they can make up the date, but before Jeongguk can answer, Taehyung’s calling to him at the bottom of the steps.“Sorry,” Jeongguk says to Areum, frowns because it’s -10 out and Taehyung’s not wearing a scarf.  He hurries down the steps and wraps his own scarf three times around Taehyung’s neck.  Taehyung lets him and smiles up at Jeongguk, something fond and tender in his eyes.  Jeongguk rolls his eyes and presses a kiss to Taehyung’s cold pink cheeks.“Don’t be stupid,” Jeongguk says.“You love me,” Taehyung laughs.“Yeah,” Jeongguk breathes. “Yeah, I do.”Yoongi thinks the universe is a dick for a lot of reasons.Of course, he didn’t know the word dick when he was five and got the Soulmate Talk (he did by the time he got the Other Talk, though), but he knew enough to know the universe was incredibly unfair. His parents sat him down and explained that the tattoo, the words on his wrist, were the first ones his soulmate would say to him. They explained that soulmates are the people in the world that you are drawn to, destined to love, your perfect match.Yoongi doesn’t believe in soulmates. Especially not when he can’t fucking read his tattoo, despite countless hours on the internet.Especially not when he doesn’t know how his soulmate is going to be able to tell it’s him, considering he can’t fucking speak.Can’t hear, can’t speak, can’t read his tattoo; the perfect combination.Seokjin is the one to reassure him that the soul-marks aren’t actually all that important, it’s more the feeling you get when you look the person in the eyes. Yoongi figures it’s easy for him to say that when he was able to hear Namjoon spout some shit about theoretical physics just because he overheard Seokjin ask a rhetorical question. Yoongi has neither the ability to ask a question or hear the answer, but he thanks Seokjin anyway and considers moving to Spain just to get away from the constant pestering about why soulmates are a blessing and he should be a little more appreciative and a little less bitter. At least in Spain he’d have another reason to not understand what people are saying and another reason he can’t reply.Those wishes become plans as he finishes up at university, still constantly in the shadow of Seokjin and Namjoon and Namjoon and Seokjin because the two can’t exist without each other and god, Yoongi’s sick of soulmates. He takes a few courses in Spanish (thank god he picks up languages quickly) and explains his plans to his parents by way of saying he likes the connections Spain has to the rest of the world’s cultures and packs his bags and waves to Seokjin and Namjoon at the airport, tries to ignore Seokjin’s hands signing we’ll miss you.Barcelona is warm when he drags his luggage out into the street to catch a cab to the apartment he’s already rented, and he’s glad for having the foresight to wear a tank-top. He’s scribbled the address on a piece of paper torn from the notebook he was writing plans for his new story in, so it’s easy to hand that to the cab driver and stare out the window at the new city as they drive.The driver helps him load all of his bags onto the curb when they reach his apartment building, but after that the car zooms off in a cloud of dust and Yoongi’s left standing rather helplessly on the sidewalk in front of the building with too many bags to carry in one trip, and his mother’s warning about not leaving his bags unattended for fear they’ll get stolen flashes through his mind.He’s not quite sure what to do; he thinks about spending a few of his euros to pay one of the kids he sees playing in the street to help carry his bags, but he’s spared that when movement flickers in the corner of his eye.He turns just in time to see a cheerful young man bounce his way up to where Yoongi stands, and Yoongi thinks he could be Korean, though he’s thrown off by the dark tan and the spattering of freckles that splash across the young man’s cheeks. The other man is speaking, and Yoongi tries so hard to read his lips, to pay attention to the new shapes he’s had to learn for this new language, and he thinks he understands the gist of it.
¡Hola! ¿Quiere ayuda con sus maletas? 
At least, he’s pretty sure that’s what was said, and he nods gratefully. There’s the customary glance down at his wrist, just to be safe—he’s gotten in the habit, just because of the fact that literally everyone else who hasn’t met their soulmate and has the word-mark does it, but the words don’t match.The tanned young man reaches down to grab the handles of a few of Yoongi’s bags and begins to tow them inside, so Yoongi hastens to get the rest and follow him. It’s not until the other man looks back expectantly that Yoongi realizes he’d been talking, and smiles apologetically. He shifts one of his bags so that he can tap his ear and shake his head, which isn’t really proper sign language of any sort, but he’s not sure what this young man knows. Immediately the other man’s eyes widen and his mouth makes a perfect little o of surprise before he shifts some of his bags and his hands start flying.But he’s using LSE, the Spanish signed language, and Yoongi only knows bits and pieces. He’s thinking more and more that the other man is Korean, though, so he cuts him off and fingerspells KSL, hoping he understands. Apparently the man does, and the switch between languages is immediate. Yoongi’s pretty impressed, if he’s honest.Sorry, the man signs. I didn’t realize you were deaf. I’m Hoseok, and I live in the room next to yours.So Yoongi was right, and he is Korean.They’ve gone up four flights of stairs and Yoongi is starting to regret renting a room on the fourth floor, but Hoseok hardly looks winded, just grins at Yoongi and leads him to a door at the end of the hall. The door’s standing slightly ajar when they reach it, and once they set Yoongi’s bags down near the small bed Hoseok explains why.
The landlady saw you arrive and thought it would be better if we put your bags in your room first before getting your key and things. I can translate for you, if you want.
Yoongi nods gratefully, though he’s slightly surprised by how friendly Hoseok is. Hoseok seems to get a little of this, because he shrugs.She said the new guy was going to be Korean, so I was planning on translating anyway. Knowing KSL was a happy coincidence.That’s good enough of an explanation for Yoongi, so they turn and retrace their steps out of the room. The elevator’s broken now, but they’re fixing it, Hoseok signs as they reach the stairs and Yoongi now notices the elevator set into the wall. A few more days, maybe?The landlady is cheerful and understanding when Hoseok says Yoongi is deaf, and she chatters quickly in Spanish to Hoseok, who does his best to translate the rapid stream of information. It’s all things Yoongi knows, mostly, about the rules of the apartment building and what to do in certain situations, so he stops focusing on what Hoseok is actually signing and instead looks for a soul-mark.He’s not really sure why he cares, but it’s more out of habit than anything. There’s no tattoo, name or otherwise, and he can’t see a strip of differently-colored skin, like some soulmates have, and the bruise on Hoseok’s shin could be one he got himself. So likely it’s not a physical mark, but there’s plenty of other things it could be. Most people have different marks, though soulmates have the same thing; tattoos are common, as are timers, but there are the rarer marks like being born without one of your senses and only gaining it when you meet your soulmate (Yoongi used to pray that was his, even if he didn’t believe in God, until he realized the tattoo was his mark) or telekinesis, which is a pain in the ass except for tests and such things, according to the online forums.Hoseok sees Yoongi’s curiosity and grins, eyes crinkling slightly. Color-mark.Yoongi nods in understanding, accepts the key the landlady gives, and offers her a small smile. She beams back at him and says something to Hoseok, who laughs.She says you’re too pale, he signs. The sun will do you some good.Yoongi raises an eyebrow, already on his way back to the stairs. Why do you think I’ll be outside? I’m writing a book.Hoseok pouts, the expression exaggerated, but shrugs. Your choice. I have to get to football practice, so I’ll see you later.He uses the Spanish sign for football, and Yoongi’s just glad his tutor had been too obsessed with Barcelona FC not to teach him a few football-related signs. He waves and trudges up the stairs to his room, his hands flicking small signs in his mute way of grumbling that they can’t fix the elevator quickly enough.He rolls his eyes slightly when he gets back to his room and sees the rather large stack of luggage waiting to be unpacked. It’s really not his favorite thing in the world, and his parents are mailing him yet more of his things in about a week, so he’s got plenty to do and should probably get started now.The room is decently spacious, basic furniture provided as part of his security deposit, so he’s able to stack the books he brought on the bookshelf, fill the desk drawer with his abundance of miscellaneous pencils and pens, and plug his laptop into the outlet in the small space between his desk and bed.He has plans to sit down and write, but it’s sweltering in the room even with the ceiling fan on, so his only option left is the window, since he’s not sure he can control the air conditioning. The view’s not the best, just across a back alley to another building, so he thinks nothing special of it until a flash of motion catches his eye. It happens a lot; his peripheral vision’s always been better than hearing people’s, just because of his need for it to compensate for his hearing. He looks closer, then, to see a group of guys maybe around his age playing what looks like a game of street football in a courtyard behind the buildings, the ball bouncing around their feet, and he notices Hoseok among them in the same Arsenal FC jersey he’d been wearing earlier. Yoongi figures that must get him some weird looks in the city, considering it’s the home of Barcelona FC, but he’s not really one to pay much attention to football, so he doesn’t know if that’s a big rivalry or not.He watches for a little, leaning on the windowsill with the shutters thrown open, impressed by the athleticism the guys display. He’s never really been one for exercising, not when he could be writing and not getting sunburned and sweaty, but he can spot decent talent when he sees it, and the way the guys throw themselves around the little square behind the apartment building tells him they know what they’re doing. The group’s a fairly decent size; he sees Hoseok in the middle of the fray a lot, but there’s also a boy with floppy brown hair, a young one with what looks like a tattoo or two and black hair, and a short boy with bright orange hair, all of whom look Korean, plus six others that look more traditionally Spanish.They look like they’re having fun, but Yoongi has things to write, so he leaves the window open and returns to his laptop, drowns himself in words and forgets the idea of food until his stomach grumbles so painfully he thinks sarcastically that even he should have been able to hear it.He spends the next few days holed up in his room, fingers flying across his keyboard, subsisting on instant ramyeon he caved in and bought from the convenience store on the street corner, but he picks at it somewhat sadly. It’s nothing like back home, but he’s not quite ready to try any of the Spanish food, and he wants to be sure he at least has enough money to pay his rent until he can try to find a job, which is infinitely more difficult when you’re deaf. On the fifth day, though, Hoseok bangs on his door long enough that Yoongi finally notices the door rattling, and when he opens it Hoseok fair drags him toward the stairs.We’re going out to dinner. There’s a good Korean place a few blocks over.Yoongi barely has time to grab his shoes before they’re hurrying down the stairs and he’s not sure why they’re in so much of a hurry but he can’t ask, not when Hoseok has his wrist held too tightly to get free. They walk those promised few blocks, Yoongi squinting slightly in the afternoon light. He understands the rush when they get to the only Korean place he’s seen and two boys stand outside. As they get closer Hoseok slips away from Yoongi to wrap an arm around the brown-haired boy’s waist, smile up at him and press a brief kiss to his lips.My soulmate, Taehyung, and our friend Jeongguk.They both smile and bow, Taehyung’s boxy and rectangular, Jeongguk’s slightly hesitant but friendly.Jimin has work, but we should introduce you, Hoseok signs as they enter the restaurant, but Yoongi’s not paying much attention to the other young man, too entranced by the familiar smells that remind him so much of home.It’s Jeongguk who nudges him and grins, and when he speaks it’s a little exaggerated. “The owners are Korean, so the recipes are authentic and trust me, it’s good.”He’s speaking Korean, which Yoongi appreciates. He’s still getting used to Spanish, and his lip-reading isn’t the best when it comes to conversations that could be about topics he hasn’t learned yet.You don’t have to speak slowly, Yoongi signs, and glances at Hoseok, who translates. Jeongguk shrugs and they’re led to their table quickly by a girl who looks like she’s probably in college, black hair swinging in curls down her back.It’s when they’re sitting and Yoongi is reaching for the menu that Jeongguk is holding out for him that the younger boy starts laughing, nose scrunching as he does so, and Yoongi is just confused. So are the others, but finally Jeongguk gets out some manner of explanation that Yoongi can’t see because the black-haired boy has his hand covering his mouth.Yoongi’s about ready to murder someone—he hates being left out of jokes just because he can’t hear, and this one seems to be about him in some way, judging by the looks the other boys are throwing his way as they laugh. He glares at Hoseok until the tanned young man gets the message and signs quickly.Your tattoo. I didn’t actually read it before, but it’s someone cussing you out in Spanish.Yoongi raises an eyebrow, but even he can’t stop the small grin playing at the edge of his lips. Really?“They call you an inconsiderate space herpe,” Taehyung says, and Hoseok nods and this time Yoongi lets out a little laugh, more of an exhalation of breath than anything. Taehyung speaks again, Hoseok translates, and what Yoongi gets is You meet them on a bad day? No, he signs back, still grinning slightly. I’m an asshole most days.As they eat it’s clear as day that Taehyung and Hoseok are soulmates. There’s something in the way they can’t take their eyes off of each other, how it almost seems like it physically pains them to not be touching in some way, how they calm down around the other, that reminds Yoongi so much of Seokjin and Namjoon it’s almost painful.Jeongguk seems used to the pair despite not having a partner himself, but it’s starting to wear on Yoongi, just a little. It seems no matter where he goes he can’t escape soulmates, though that shouldn’t be a surprise, but it doesn’t make him any more willing to tolerate it. Maybe if Taehyung and Hoseok were dating regardless of soul-marks he would be less inclined to dislike their relationship just for the sake of the relationship, but that’s how he is with a lot of soulmates.And it’s hard, when Hoseok gets so lost in Taehyung he forgets that the other two are there, when Hoseok is Yoongi’s only easy method of communication with the other two, and Yoongi’s getting frustrated despite the steaming bowl of jjajangmyeon that’s supposed to be cheering him up.Jeongguk must see this, part way into the meal when Taehyung and Hoseok have devolved into feeding each other occasionally off of their chopsticks and it’s disgustingly cute, because he nudges Yoongi and pulls out his phone. “I’ll give you my number,” he mouths, and Yoongi’s grateful he’s not speaking slowly anymore. “You can text me and either lip-read or I can text you back.”His mom is one of those people who bemoans the constant use of technology, and Yoongi rolls his eyes thinking of this as he sends a quick text to Jeongguk’s number just to see if it works. His mom’s generation doesn’t know half the picture, considering how much technology can be beneficial for people like him.And then they get into a conversation, and it’s the first real proper conversation Yoongi’s had since moving to Spain, and Jeongguk is funny and playful and likes to tease Yoongi and laughs at Yoongi’s snarky comments, dark eyes catching the glint of the restaurant lights. His tattoos are intricate, subtle details bringing to life a small watercolor phoenix, a black and white dragon in traditional Korean style, a stylized kitsune.Mythical creatures, huh? Yoongi types, and Jeongguk just laughs.“The imugi, the dragon, it’s stability and strength. The phoenix, the ability to rise above anything that gets thrown at me, and the kitsune symbolizes a faithful friend.”
So a tattoo is your only close friend?
Jeongguk just grins and waves him off, inquiring about Yoongi’s plans while in Spain. Yoongi tells him he really just wants to write, but he’ll need a job to pay rent and buy food; the only problem is finding a place that will hire a deaf-mute who isn’t going to “get better”, as an old employer said. To his surprise, though, Jeongguk brightens.“The art store next to the coffee shop I work in is hiring right now, and I think they’re mostly looking for someone to do the reshelving and maybe put out displays or something, and you don’t need to speak for that. I can put in a good word for you and explain your thing about writing, if you want.”An art store sounds heavenly. The opportunity to be surrounded by creativity and potential inspiration as he writes seems like it’s the perfect thing, and Yoongi nods with a grateful smile.“We’re gonna be playing football again in the same place on Wednesday,” Jeongguk adds. “Come outside and I’ll tell you what the manager says you should do about an interview.”That gives Jeongguk just one day to talk to the store’s manager, but if he works next door Yoongi figures he must have time, so he gives a thumbs-up of understanding and the four boys stand and gather their things; Yoongi had seen Hoseok pay the check out of the corner of his eye as he and Jeongguk worked out this job thing, but he hates feeling like he didn’t pay for his meal.Pay me back when we get to the apartment, Hoseok signs, seeing the look on Yoongi’s face.So they start walking, Jeongguk and Taehyung splitting off to go a different direction after a goodbye kiss between the soulmates that had Yoongi rolling his eyes at Jeongguk, and Hoseok’s hands fly as he signs to Yoongi.I hope that made you feel better. They showed it to me when I first moved here and it helped me, so we thought it would do the same for you.Yoongi smiles (this is probably the most he’s smiled since Seokjin met Namjoon) and nods. I loved it.He did, really; the traditional atmosphere and familiar food and lips shaping only Korean, at least at their table, meant he felt like he’d moved to a different part of South Korea, not a different continent. There’s something warm and comfortable sitting in his gut and it takes him a depressingly long time to realize it’s the same as when he gets lost in writing or forgets about the existence of time in a bookstore, takes him far too long to label it as happiness. He refrains from mentioning this to Hoseok, who bounces from lamppost to lamppost so that Yoongi can see his hands and he can resume his never-ending stream of words that he had to drop while walking in the darkened streets.Hoseok gives Yoongi his number before they return to their respecting rooms that night, so that as long as Yoongi keeps an eye on his phone Hoseok won’t have to stand there banging at the door for fifteen minutes in the hope that Yoongi will potentially see the rattle of the door in the frame. Yoongi ignores his phone the next day, though, preferring to hole up in his room and do research about miscellaneous medical knowledge for his doctor of a main character and her chronically ill patient. It’s not the most pleasant but it is kind of fun, in the way that he’s noticed only writers and people actually interested in that profession find it, and the only break he takes is to open his window and spend just a few minutes watching the boys play football in the courtyard behind the apartment building and text Seokjin to ask what kind of sound a car door makes when it’s closed.He’s learned, slowly but surely over the years, to write about sound as though he hears it, basing everything off of what he reads and the answers his friends give him, but a note he always got about his work when he would submit it to local contests was about the resounding silence in it, how there was always a feeling of noiselessness that worked well for some pieces but threw others off-kilter for hearing people.So he tries, now, thinks about all the things other people react to as though there’s a noise, asks Seokjin or Namjoon to give him a word for those sounds, and writes them as best he can, but they’re scattered throughout the story arbitrarily and mostly only added in when he consciously makes himself think about it. Wednesday dawns bright and clear through his blinds and the remnants of his making-progress high remain as he wakes and unpacks a few more things, as has been his habit the last week or so. A few things each day, so he doesn’t have to do it all at once.He’s slept in almost until noon after staying up until three in the morning to look up facts about the eating habits of the Aztecs of Central America, just because there’s a small chance one of his characters will know about it and bring it up. So he’s about as cheerful as he ever gets as he throws on some basketball shorts and a tank-top, debates about bothering with shoes because talking to Jeongguk can’t take that long, but reconsiders when he feels how hot it is and realizes the pavement, constantly exposed to the sun, will be baking hot.The boys are just stretching when he gets downstairs and slips out the back door with a wave to the landlady, and he discovers why when he does a quick head count and gets only to nine. One’s missing, and when he glances around and sees a lack of orange hair he wonders where the boy is.He finds out quickly enough when something slams into him, knocks him to the ground, and he gets up with a scowl on his face and skinned knees, but it’s nothing compared to the orange-haired boy that stands in front of him, arms flying as he yells, face Yoongi can only describe as pretty screwed up in anger. His lips form words Yoongi doesn’t know, but the shapes seem familiar for some reason, and it’s not until his eyes flick over his tattoo-mark as he inspects his scraped elbow that he understands why.They’re syllables he’s taught his lips to form and repeated them for years, staring into a mirror, lip-reading himself so that maybe he’ll recognize them when a person says them aloud (he tells himself it’s so that he can avoid that person at all costs; he doesn’t have time for soulmates).Sure enough, he sees the boy’s lips form what Hoseok taught him to mean “inconsiderate space herpe” and Yoongi wants to laugh a little. Of all the insults, really.But as a writer, he loves it, wonders if the boy will let him use it for a story.He stands carefully, watches until the orange-haired boy’s rant comes to an end, and signs you ok? with his eyebrows raised to make it a question.And that’s when the orange-haired boy pauses, confused, and glances down at his own wrist.“Do that again,” he says, and Yoongi does, though his confusion matches the other’s. The boy approaches Yoongi, left wrist brandished for him to see, and Yoongi cocks his head in surprise at the sight of the word-mark.The meaning is clear enough to him, and he knows that this boy is his soulmate, but to anyone else (including, apparently, the orange-haired boy) it would be gibberish when all they can read is HS index PO down L front M point NMM rhq HS o to k PO out L front M fs NMM rhq.“What does this mean? Because it looks sort of like what you just did except I’m not sure and goddamn the universe is a soggy lampshade or some shit because this makes no sense to me.”Yoongi offers him a quick smile and turns, claps hard enough for the young men in various warm-up stretches to notice. Hoseok sees the dilemma and jogs over quickly.
What?
Yoongi just points to the orange-haired boy’s wrist, and Hoseok is quick to understand. As he starts to explain Yoongi ignores him, focused instead on studying his soulmate.The boy’s short, about Yoongi’s height, all lean muscle and tanned skin except for his face, round cheeks and plump lips and eyes that curve into crescents when he smiles. Orange isn’t a hair color Yoongi thought would look good on really anyone other than natural redheads, but it suits this boy perfectly.Plump lips get rounded out in an o of surprise as Hoseok finishes explaining that his word-mark is the five parameters of the signs Yoongi just made; the hand shape, palm orientation, location, movement, and non-manual morpheme, which is just anything expression-wise in the sign. That’s what the rhq is for, saying he has his eyebrows up to make the words similar to a rhetorical question, but in this case rather than being rhetorical it can be answered with yes or no.Yoongi can see the change in his face as he starts to understand that he just met his soulmate and resigns himself, but all he gets is “Sorry, soulmate. I take it you’re deaf?”Yoongi nods and Hoseok tugs on his arm excitedly, and when he looks over the tanned boy fingerspells J-i-m-i-n.So this is the Jimin that Yoongi has heard so much about, the one Yoongi has tried not to stare at when he watches them play from his window. He waves, a little awkward, and Jimin grins, his eyes scrunching as he does so, and Yoongi wants to melt from more than the Spanish heat.“Are you here to play with us?” Jimin asks. Yoongi shakes his head adamantly; for all Jimin seems like a nice person he also looks like the type to put way too much stock in soulmates and Yoongi really just wants to talk to Jeongguk and then escape back up to his room and try to figure out what he wants to do.He never thought he would actually meet his soulmate, and now that he has and Jimin seems like someone he would be friends with, he doesn’t know how to explain to the other boy that he doesn’t believe in soulmates, and since they have mutual friends it’s not like he can just avoid Jimin for the rest of his life.He signs quickly to Hoseok and hurries toward where Jeongguk waits with Taehyung and the others on the street team without waiting to see Hoseok’s response. When he reaches Jeongguk he raises an eyebrow and the younger boy starts to speak.“I talked to the manager, and she said she’d love to meet you and try to figure out a way for you to work there, because she needs a new employee since the last one just quit. If you have the time, she said I can bring you to meet her after we’re done with this game, if you’d like.”Yoongi nods with a smile for Jeongguk and points to his chest and then the table sitting in the shade of a small porch connected to the apartment building in rudimentary improper sign language to tell Jeongguk he will sit at that table and watch the game until Jeongguk is ready to leave. The younger boy nods and grins at him, and almost before Yoongi reaches the table Hoseok and Jimin have joined the others and started playing.Jimin sits off to the side for a few minutes to stretch so he doesn’t pull a muscle when he enters the game, but even so his team doesn’t seem like it’s at too much of a disadvantage. Yoongi’s never been one for sports, really, but he can’t deny he enjoys watching these boys screw around even if for the most part he doesn’t really know what’s happening. When one of the others takes the ball from Hoseok’s feet and he trips and lands on the cobblestones Yoongi understands why he constantly has bruises and random little scrapes, but it doesn’t look bad enough to warrant concern because the tanned young man pops right back to his feet and runs to try to get the ball back.Jimin, though, once Jimin joins the game Yoongi can barely take his eyes off of the orange-haired boy. He looks like he has a limitless amount of energy, more comfortable with the ball at his feet than without, graceful as he slips around the other players, scores once, twice, again, and now Yoongi’s close enough to see the pretty smile that graces Jimin’s lips as he celebrates his goals.The trouble is, Jimin’s the kind of guy Yoongi would be interested in, is interested in, but it’s almost like finding out they’re soulmates has made Yoongi determined to not like the orange-haired boy. He’s conditioned himself to be so against the idea of soulmates that regardless of any attraction he may feel he’s sort of forcing himself not to feel it, just because they’re soulmates. He ponders this for a while as he watches the game, but eventually brushes it off. It’s not going to be a problem unless he gets to know Jimin better, because Yoongi isn’t one to fancy dating someone he’s interacted with once. He knows it takes more than that to properly like someone enough to consider a relationship, that a love built purely on physical attraction is only lust, so whatever he may feel now it’s not really worth anything until he finds out more about Jimin’s personality.It’s when Yoongi’s starting to get bored (eyecandy can only be interesting for so long) that the game finally ends, and Jeongguk jogs over to Yoongi sweaty and breathing heavily but still grinning, dark eyes sparkling as he runs a hand through his hair and grabs his bag and water bottle.“Ready to go?” he asks, and Yoongi stands, falls in step with him, waves goodbye to the boys still clustered in the little courtyard.Jimin looks like he wants to go with them, even takes a step in their direction, but Taehyung slings an arm around his shoulders and yanks him back to the group.Jeongguk is a nice person to walk with, Yoongi decides. He feels no need for pointless chatter that would mostly be one-sided, so they walk without conversation. Yoongi figures Jeongguk knows it would just be difficult for Yoongi to try to communicate, and he’s grateful for the consideration.He finds out later it’s partly that and partly just that Jeongguk is really shy and didn’t really know what to say, but that doesn’t take away from Yoongi’s gratefulness.It’s not too far of a walk, just a few blocks, and Yoongi sees the coffeeshop with a mural around the front door, and then there’s the art store right next to it, an explosion of color that has Yoongi relaxing almost instinctively. He finds that kind of funny, because it’s not even words and books that gets this reaction, but figures maybe it’s just being around creative things that’s nice after trying to be creative on his own.Like a reassurance there are other people who share his drive to make things, sort of.The manager of the store is a cheerful young woman who doesn’t look much older than him, with dyed pink hair and paint-splattered clothing and what looks like a charcoal pencil stuck behind her ear. Jeongguk introduces them, says her name is Ria, and she grabs a pad of paper from the desk behind her and hands it to Yoongi along with a pen that looks like one of the fancy drawing pens.Yoongi raises an eyebrow at that, unsure if it’s okay for him to use the pen, but she waves it off. He smiles a little at that; this may work out, if she can understand his facial expressions this well.And it does, he finds. She’s funny and energetic and willing to work with him to get around the communication barrier, and since all she really needs him to do is reshelving things and maybe occasionally setting up an arrangement of art his lack of knowledge about the intricacies of art supplies doesn’t really matter. After half an hour of discussing his previous work experience and how often he’s available to work she beams at him and nods.“If you’re willing, you can start tomorrow.”That soon? he scribbles on the pad, and she shrugs a little.“We haven’t really had any other applicants, and while I can work out here if I have to, I also have commissions to finish up, so I kind of need someone as soon as possible. You seem reliable and responsible, so I see no reason you can’t work here.”Yoongi smiles back at her and she learns her first sign: thank you, made by bringing his dominant hand in a chopping sort of motion to touch the back of his non-dominant hand while bowing a little.Ria tips her head to the side, confused, and he writes out what it means before repeating the motion. Now she understands, and she grins at him, repeats it back to him while mouthing gracias to remember what it means. Even Jeongguk joins in, mimics the action, and Yoongi wants to laugh a little, because the entirety of what they’re signing is repeating thank you over and over to each other without any reason for it.What time tomorrow? he writes, and Ria pauses in her repetition of thank yous to consider the question.“Is 8:00 okay? The store opens at nine, but I want to have time to show you around and explain the things you’re going to be doing and how our schedule works.”He nods, bows to her before remembering that they’re not in Korea and shaking her hand, and he and Jeongguk leave the store. Jeongguk taps on his shoulder to get his attention.“That went well, I think.”Yoongi nods. Thank you, he signs, and pulls out his phone to add for helping me with that.Jeongguk laughs a little at the sign, but he nods. “Glad I could. She’s been complaining to me for a week now, and I think you’ll like it there.”There’s a pause as they walk, and Yoongi looks away from Jeongguk to focus on the direction they’re walking, but a tap on his shoulder brings his gaze back to the younger boy.“I think I’d like to learn sign language,” Jeongguk says, and Yoongi smiles a little.I’d be glad to help you, but Hoseok might be a better teacher.Jeongguk shrugs. “Whoever teaches me, I just want to learn.”The rest of the walk Yoongi teaches him part of the alphabet, typing a Hangul character on his phone and demonstrating the sign, has Jeongguk repeat all of the ones he’s learned plus the new one, and they get maybe eight in before they pause at the door to Yoongi’s apartment building. He signs thank you again, and again Jeongguk nods.“You might like to know that Jimin works at the coffeeshop too,” he adds, and Yoongi spends a good portion of the night trying to figure out why he cares so much about that little fact; it’s not like he has any feelings for Jimin, after all. When Yoongi wakes up the next morning to the alarm clock on his wrist vibrating so hard he thinks his arm might fall off he sighs and slaps at the button to turn get it to stop. This reminds him too much of college, but it’ll pay the bills, so he rolls out of bed and drags himself through eating breakfast and getting ready.The walk to the store wakes him up a little, enough that he can smile at Ria when she greets him as he walks in, and he has enough energy to pay attention through the little tour of the place, though he’s dragging. She notices and smiles.“Go get some coffee next door. While you’re at it, will you get me a muffin? I was painting this morning and forgot to have breakfast.”He nods, takes the money she hands him, and sighs happily as he enters the coffee shop. The familiar smells of coffee and pastries hit his nose, a blend of coffee grounds and chocolate and sugar, and he figures he could just live here instead of the apartment.When he looks toward the counter he’s hoping to see Jeongguk’s messy black hair and a smile with too-big front teeth, but his gaze is met instead with a head of orange hair and a smile that makes eyes curve up into crescents, and Yoongi debates turning around and walking out of the store and telling Ria she’s going to have to do it herself.But then he reconsiders; it’s his first day at work and he knows how cranky he gets if he doesn’t eat breakfast, so he doesn’t want to take the chance that Ria is the same, and he should make her happy to make a good impression. So he sighs and pulls himself together and walks forward, studies the glass case of pastries and realizes Ria never told him what kind of muffin she wants, but he figures he can’t go wrong with chocolate.He pulls out his phone, types in his order, and steels himself to be confronted by that eyesmile and the little wave Jimin gives and no, Yoongi does not care. He hands Jimin the phone with the order and Jimin looks confused at first, but then his eyes widen.“Soulmate!” he says, and Yoongi cringes but nods with an awkward little smile. Jimin starts to put the order into the register to calculate Yoongi’s total and beams at him. “How are you? You kinda ran away from me the other day, so I thought maybe you didn’t like me much, but maybe we can talk more now?”Yoongi just shrugs. This is what he was afraid of, part of the reason he doesn’t really like the idea of soulmates. Surely Jimin only really cares about Yoongi because they’re “destined” and it’s not out of actual interest in getting to know him. There’s a pressure to marry your soulmate if you find them, like you could never be happy with anyone else but them, so the idea of meeting and then ignoring your soulmate is so rare it might as well have never happened in the history of ever.Yoongi is pretty content to do exactly that, though, because this feels forced, this feels like there’s no connection other than the soulmate thing, and he doesn’t like the idea that he has to love this person just because of a mark on his wrist.He moves out of the line to wait as Jimin grabs the muffin and makes Yoongi’s coffee, and he gets a weird look from another barista for loitering by the pick-up spot but it’s the only way he can ensure he gets his food without holding up the line, because he’s obviously not going to hear Jimin call any name Yoongi might give. Jimin smiles at him, tries to speak again as he hands Yoongi his order, but Yoongi just takes the food and turns away, effectively cutting off the conversation because if he can’t see Jimin’s lips, there is no way for him to know what Jimin is saying. Sometimes, Yoongi thinks, being deaf can be helpful when trying to avoid talking to people.He hurries back to the art store, gives Ria her muffin, grins when she signs thank you with her mouth full of food, and the coffee serves to wake him up more completely as she shows him the stock room and the things she wants him to put on the shelves. For now, he’s mostly going to be learning the places of things in the store and figuring out how the storage system works so he can find things in the stock room if they run out in the actual store, so he takes the box of moleskine-cover sketchbooks, hefts it into his arms, and follows Ria to an aisle full of miscellaneous sketchbooks.She shows him briefly where things go and where to look for brand and type so that he puts them in the right spot, and then she smiles at him and explains that she has to go open the store and head to the back, where she has a workspace, and finish up some details on a piece she’s working on.He nods and waves her off with a smile and gets lost in a rhythm of shelving and returning to the stock room to get new things and and wandering around the store to figure out where things go and see if anything is running out. It’s comfortable and easy, and the colors and organized chaos of the store has him itching to write, to create, to get this need to do something out of his system, and when he gets home and sits back down at his computer he finds he’s no longer distracted by pointless research projects but instead his fingers fly as the words pour from his fingertips. The next day he buys a bag of coffee grounds at the grocery store on his way home from work, and it may not be as good as the coffee from the café, but it beats having to brush off Jimin’s attempts at cheerful conversation and seeing the orange-haired boy’s disappointed pout as Yoongi walks off without so much as a hello. A week later Hoseok meets him when he gets home from work. Why are you avoiding Jimin? Yoongi sighs; he should have seen this coming. I feel like I’m being forced to like him. I don’t like that.Hoseok runs a hand through slightly wet hair, his shirt drenched in sweat, and Yoongi knows he must have just finished a football game. You’re not giving him a chance, though. You don’t have to start dating immediately, but you’re not even trying to get to know him to see if you want to do that in the future.Yoongi shrugs. I’m doing fine without him. Thanks, but I doubt anything is going to change.He walks away, leaving Hoseok standing at the foot of the stairs, and if he has the urge to punch the wall when he gets back to his room it’s only because he doesn’t like this insistence that he get to know Jimin and not because of his frustration about knowing that he’s being an idiot about this. A week later he meets them for the first time. He’s trying to color-coordinate a row of spray paint when there’s a thrumming under his feet and he looks up to see a guy who looks about his age coming down the aisle on a skateboard. A few other boys follow behind him, not riding their skateboards but holding them, and they’re covered in piercings and tattoos and ripped jeans and the type of tank top Yoongi has dubbed a bro tank.He’s not the type to judge by appearance, or he does so as little as possible, so their clothing doesn’t bother him, but there’s something about the way they’re laughing, how the first one apparently doesn’t care at all about etiquette considering he’s skateboarding indoors, how there’s a glint in one’s eyes as he stares at Yoongi, that rubs Yoongi the wrong way, and he just wants to grab his box of supplies and head to the front of the store so he can restock the calligraphy pens. But the guys are all around him, blocking his way out of the aisle even if it’s not on purpose, and they’re all inspecting the spray paint.So he does his best to ignore them and continue lining up the cans of paint carefully, but he can’t help but watch them out of the corner of his eye. They shove each other a lot, punch shoulders and slap at the brims of snapbacks, and Yoongi’s done about all he can with the rows of paint. At this point he’s just sitting there ensuring all of the labels face the front, and there’s not much more he can do without making it even more obvious that he’s waiting for them to leave.One snatches a can of spray paint from right next to him and he flinches, and he’s not totally sure but he thinks at least some of their ensuing laughter is about him.But a moment later the thrumming returns and he glances up to see them skateboarding off, still pushing, and he just hopes they don’t knock anything over that he has to clean up. Finally able to move freely, he gathers his box and hurries to the front, restocks the calligraphy pens without much thought, and nearly runs into a customer as he speed-walks to the stock room.He’s not entirely sure why he’s so bothered by this, but when he sets the box down his hands are shaking slightly and his breath is quicker than usual and he sinks down against a shelf and curls his knees to his chest.He hates that kind of guys; they remind him too much of the ones back in Korea who used to shove him around once they found out his deafness wasn’t his soul-mark. It was nothing too serious, of course, but he despises not being in control of a situation, and he definitely is around guys like that.He hasn’t been sitting long, trying to control his breathing as he clenches and unclenches his fists in attempts to get them to stop shaking, when paint-covered white Converse enter his vision and he looks up to see Ria. She squats in front of him and reluctantly he raises his eyes to at least her lips, knowing she wants to speak.“I came looking for you,” she says. “You okay?”He nods, but she doesn’t look convinced. Nevertheless, she seems to drop it. “Would you be a dear and go grab me something small to eat from the café? A sandwich or something.”Again he nods and accepts the money she hands him, and as he stands she grabs his sleeve and he turns back to her. “Get something for yourself as well, if you like,” she adds.With that Yoongi hurries through the store and next door to the café. When he walks in he’s greeted by the usual sunny smile from Jimin, but this time rather than bringing a sense of dread to Yoongi’s stomach, he relaxes a little as soon as he sees the smile. Jimin’s leaning on the counter as Yoongi approaches, that smile never wavering.“What can I do for you?”Yoongi writes out his order on his phone, shows Jimin, and the orange-haired barista moves to make the food quickly.But when Yoongi expects Jimin to hand him the food, Jimin instead slips from behind the counter and points to a chair, raises an eyebrow, clearly expects Yoongi to sit.He wants to protest, wants to explain that Ria is waiting for her food and may have more things for him to do, but he finds himself pulling out the chair and letting himself fall into it as Jimin sits across from him. The barista’s brought a pad of paper and a pen, Yoongi now notices, and the food is slid across the table as Jimin uncaps the pen and writes something. When he turns the pad around for Yoongi to see, messy Hangul reads you look like you need someone to talk to.Yoongi snorts a little sarcastically and takes the pen. It’s highly doubtful I’ll ever be able to speak.Jimin rolls his eyes when he reads what Yoongi has written. Fine. But something tells me you’re upset about something, so.Yoongi can almost feel the concern radiating off of Jimin, and he figures he may as well do something to assuage the strength of the emotions. Some punks that came into the art store reminded me of these dickwads back in Korea, he writes. Brought back a few unpleasant memories, but I’m fine.And it’s true; he’s had time to calm down, and the soothing scents of coffee and chocolate are relaxing him, so he musters a little smile for Jimin and stands. He signs thank you before realizing Jimin probably doesn’t know what he’s doing and grabs the pen to write out the Hangul, and Jimin’s confused expression smooths.The barista repeats the motion, though a little off—his non-dominant hand is turned up, so that his dominant hand hits the palm of the other, and he doesn’t really bow, but he mouths “thank you” at the same time, so as Yoongi shows Jimin how to do it properly he thinks the orange-haired boy has potential for being able to pick things up quickly.He picks up the food, a small sandwich and a coffee for Ria, but there must be a mistake, because there’s also a chocolate-chip cookie wrapped neatly alongside the sandwich. He glances up at Jimin to point out that something’s wrong, but Jimin’s smiling again.“For you, on the house. I heard somewhere chocolate has been proven to make you happy.”Yoongi smiles again, and this time it’s less to reassure Jimin and more grateful to the cheerful barista, because somehow in the space of ten minutes he’s managed to untangle the knot of tension in Yoongi’s stomach, and the memory of his pretty brown eyes lingers in Yoongi’s mind for the rest of the day, no matter what the blond does to try to forget it. The guys come back to the store every now and then over the next few weeks.They always return to the spray paint, bandanas around their necks streaked with the same paint, and that would be fine except they also ensure that they knock over at least one display, laughing when Yoongi appears to straighten it up, and they take things from the mess on the floor and keep them, snickering when Yoongi tries to hide the trembling of his hand as he holds it out to ask for the thing back.It’s on their third visit that they figure out that he’s deaf; he can see the one he thinks is the leader, the one who was riding the skateboard the first day, say something about “you wouldn’t even be able to hear if I was fucking your mom, would you?”, and then the trembling in Yoongi’s hand is rage rather than apprehension.He makes it a habit to go to the café after those visits. Jimin’s smile always seems to calm him down, like there’s an aura of peace radiating off of the eternally-cheerful young man.When he has time he’ll sit, hand Yoongi the pad of paper and pen and a still-warm chocolate-chip cookie, and spend as long as he needs to making sure that Yoongi relaxes.When he doesn’t have time he’ll still give Yoongi that cookie, flash a smile, and direct Yoongi to a chair close to the counter so that Yoongi’s always nearby, almost like he’s aware of the aura and wants to ensure Yoongi stays in its reach. He never really asks questions, unless it’s about something else, but lets Yoongi write out rants about the guys and reads them carefully.Yoongi thinks he might be learning sign language, as well, as he’ll sign little things, usually just how are you when Yoongi walks in, and sometimes Yoongi thinks he sees Jimin fingerspelling the names customers give him to practice the alphabet.He finds himself warming up to the barista—no matter how hard he tries to avoid it, Jimin’s sunny smile and familiar ways with customers and immediate acceptance and accommodation of Yoongi draw Yoongi in.He tells himself, though, that at the most they’re only going to be friends, because Yoongi clings desperately to the idea that he doesn’t need a soulmate.He finds his book coming more smoothly on days he’s seen Jimin, for whatever reason, and after setting up a display of Ria’s art in the front of the store he gets inspiration to add a new twist to the plot, so he begs the next day off of work and spends hours scribbling notes on colorful post-its, characterization notes and plot timelines and keys to the alphabet that one of the characters creates strewn about on his desk and the walls and the floor.He refuses Hoseok’s invitations to go out to eat with the group, knowing the tanned young man is going to attempt to set him and Jimin up and he’s really not ready for that yet, but he always watches the football games, either from his window or with his laptop at the table on the porch so that he can glance up from the document every now and then to take a few minutes to watch the other boys mess around.It’s on one of those days that Jeongguk meets his soulmate, when Taehyung practically punts the ball and it ricochets down the alley toward the street and Jeongguk races after it. There’s enough of a pause that Yoongi gets up to move to where he can see down the alley and stops suddenly.Jeongguk is sitting on the ground across from a girl with short brown hair, the ball a few feet away, papers scattered around them. They’re staring at each other in what looks like awe, and as Yoongi watches Jeongguk reaches out to touch the rather bad-looking scrape on the girl’s knee and it closes within seconds, leaving a smear of blood on otherwise-normal skin. After a moment she does the same with the nasty bruise on his elbow, and sure enough the bruise vanishes under her touch.Yoongi would think it’s cute, as the others do when Jeongguk returns to them with the ball under his arm and the girl following him shyly, but all it does is serve to remind him that most people think soulmates are a good thing and while he should be happy that he’s found Jimin, he just wants to withdraw from the small relationship they have now.His soulmate can’t help him, won’t give him his hearing like some soulmates, can’t heal his injuries like Jeongguk and the quiet girl who joins Yoongi that day.And Yoongi’s never seen the point in romantic relationships, really, so he doesn’t quite understand the supposed benefits of having someone care for you in that way, doesn’t know why Taehyung and Hoseok always look so much happier when they’re touching in some way, even if it’s as simple as holding hands. But there is a way Jimin can help, and he finds this out the hard way.It’s five minutes before closing one night, and Yoongi’s in the stock room doing a last inventory before getting his things to leave. It’s definitely never bright in the stock room, but he can see just fine as he counts boxes and scribbles numbers on his clipboard.He’s deaf, not blind, so he knows something’s wrong when the room goes black.He can still feel the clipboard in his hands, the ground under his feet, and he can reach out to touch the shelf, so he isn’t unconscious for some reason. Ria wouldn’t turn the lights out, as she never leaves until she’s sure Yoongi has, because otherwise he gets locked into the building, and besides, she’s off delivering a commission to a customer and left it to him to lock up, so it wasn’t her.And then he feels a now-familiar thrum in the soles of his feet and puts his back to the shelf, but his eyes are still adjusting to the dark. He waits until the thrumming gets closer and lashes out but hits only air, and as he stumbles forward with his momentum his clipboard is knocked from his hand. He whirls around and maybe there’s a figure there in the dim lighting, but he can’t tell who.There’s a hand in the small of his back suddenly, pushing him forward, and he trips his way into another person. Strong hands latch onto his arms, turn him so that his back is pressed against whoever’s holding him, and he struggles as best he can, trying to stomp on the person’s foot or get an elbow into their ribs, but as quickly as they grabbed him they let go and vanish and he’s left floundering. He feels around until he finds the shelf again and presses his shoulder blades into the metal, sets his feet, and tries to calm his panic. He takes a breath in through his nose, catches a hint of sweat and spray paint, and based on what could be someone approaching him he ducks.The shelf rattles behind him and he darts to the side, flicking his bangs out of his eyes as he searches for anything that could tell him where the people are or how many of them there are.The thrumming starts up again, getting ever closer to him, and when he thinks he might know where the skateboard is he kicks, and his foot connects with what might be someone’s leg. The thrumming stops suddenly, so he thinks with grim satisfaction that he managed to hit whoever was on the skateboard, but his satisfaction is replaced with yet more fear when hands land on his chest, shove him back into the shelf, and he hits it painfully and falls with a wince, but there’s no time to get back up, because a foot collides with his stomach and he curls up in the vain hope of protecting himself, wraps his arms around his head and just hopes the assholes get what they want quickly.He might be making noise at this point, the unintelligible sounds that occasionally pull themselves from his throat especially when he’s in pain, and he certainly is in pain now that several other pairs of feet have joined the first.There are tears in his eyes even as he squeezes them shut and deprives himself of another sense and wishes he could deprive himself of all of them.The kicking ceases so suddenly he’s not sure if he should trust it, but there’s a sudden flaring of light even behind his closed eyes and the vibrations he feels in the floor seem more like running feet, so cautiously he sits up, flinching at the ache in his ribs and legs and back, and cracks his eyes open. He gasps slightly, because while he was right about the culprits of this, he recognizes the people sprinting down the aisle toward the assholes.Hoseok has grim determination in his eyes, Taehyung’s familiar boxy grin is nowhere to be seen, Jeongguk’s strength is clear in his arms and the coldness of his eyes (Yoongi wonders where the cute stuttering boy he was when he met his soulmate went), but the most startling is Jimin.The orange-haired barista is at the front of the group, and everything about him radiates fury, his usually-cheerful face set in a cold mask, and though he’s the smallest of the boys there’s no doubting his ability to do some damage, especially not when he’s this angry.Yoongi moves out of the way, bruised back forced into the cool metal of the shelf once more, and the four boys he could call friends meet the group of spray paint dickwads in a sudden explosion of yet more violence. Fists fly, his friends use their football playing to lend power to the kicks they deliver to kneecaps and stomachs, and Yoongi would just curl up and wait but then he sees the guy with the camera.He’s not an idiot; he knows they must have been filming what they were just doing, which means if that guy manages to get out they all get away with this, so Yoongi lunges to his feet, ignores the ripple of pain, and intercepts Camera Douche.Said Camera Douche is laughing when he sees Yoongi, and he says something that’s probably an insult but Yoongi’s not watching, just throws a punch, and when it connects Camera Douche snaps to attention. He drops the camera off to the side and eyes Yoongi with his face twisted in anger, but Yoongi’s ready for him.See, Yoongi’s faster than people give him credit for, and stronger than they think someone so small can be, so he holds his own against Camera Douche, able to hold his own now that he can see.He takes a few hits himself, can feel blood running down his chin from his split lip, but Camera Douche looks away suddenly and without any warning to Yoongi takes off running. He looks like he’s going to try for the camera, so Yoongi steps forward and snatches it from the ground, glares at Camera Douche and shakes his head slowly. Camera Douche backs away, flips him off, and turns to follow his friends out of the stock room at a run.There’s a pause, and then someone touches Yoongi on the shoulder. He whirls around, ready to react, but it’s just Jimin, orange hair wild, lip bleeding, shirt torn, knuckles already bruising and bloody. Still, Jimin uses those hands to sign very first thing Yoongi signed to him: you ok?, his eyebrows raised to make it a question.Yoongi wants to laugh but that’s probably going to hurt, considering the ache in his ribs and stomach and the sting of his split lip, so he doesn’t, just nods. He’s tired, all of a sudden, the rush of adrenaline and fear wearing off, and he sags slightly against Jimin, who reaches out to support him.Hoseok hurries over, similar in appearance to Jimin. What’s the camera for? Yoongi shrugs. I think they filmed beating me up.Taehyung joins them, and even though he’s the one Yoongi knows the least, he looks just as concerned. “Do you want us to watch it or destroy it?”Yoongi shakes his head. You don’t need to. I know what’s on it, and I want to be the one to do anything.They all nod when Hoseok translates his answer, but Yoongi’s curious about something.How did you know to find me? All heads turn to Jimin for some reason, though Yoongi keeps his gaze pinned on Hoseok so he can see the response.We were going to force you to come to dinner with all of us, so we met at the café once Jimin finished, and we were waiting for you. You took longer than we thought, and then Jimin felt weird. He couldn’t define it, just said something felt wrong...all of a sudden he ran here. We just followed him.Yoongi glances at Jimin, who’s watching him with nervous brown eyes, and all Yoongi wants to do is see him smile and maybe feel that calming aura that he usually has, because of anything that’s going to make him feel better, that’s likely to work best.“I have a first-aid kit in my apartment,” Hoseok says, signing as he speaks. “We can go back there and clean up, if everyone wants to.”They all nod wearily and Yoongi gets his things, flicks lights off in the building, and locks the doors as they gather on the street. He’s still got this nervous energy, can’t get rid of it even with exhaustion dragging at his bones, and his hands shake as he tries to fit the key into the lock, but he manages it eventually.He thinks the others might be talking as they walk to the apartment building, but it’s dark and they’re walking ahead of him as he tries not to collapse from the fiery pain in his ribs, and on a normal day he would feel left out and get mad, but at the moment he just wants to get back to his bed and sleep and hope when he wakes up this was a dream.For some reason he still can’t relax; maybe because this was people taking advantage of his missing sense, which he’s always insisted he doesn’t need. It frustrates him because it feels like it’s the universe saying you will always need other people to help—there is no such thing as independence for one like you.Which only serves to confirm his childhood theory that the universe is a major dick, so he’s determined to prove it wrong, because if he hates humans who are that confident that they know his limits, why should the universe be any different just because it’s a celestial body and not actually sentient?But suddenly a small hand slips into his, intertwines their fingers, and he looks around to see Jimin smiling softly at him, backlit by a streetlight and looking more like an angel than Yoongi thought was possible for anyone.He’s always hated the idea of holding hands, as for him it means he loses his method of communication since so many signs require two hands, and his first instinct is to pull away, but then he pauses.There’s something about the contact that’s calming his still-racing pulse, letting him breathe easier, pulling some of the ache from his body. It’s like physical contact is an even-stronger version of Jimin’s aura and Yoongi feels safe like this, something he didn’t think he’d feel any time in the next few hours. And besides, Jimin’s smile seems to say, they don’t need words, just the steady warmth of their fingers laced together and their shoulders brushing as they walk nearly pressed against each other.Yoongi used to believe he would never fall in love, especially not with his soulmate, but he’s starting to rethink his definition of love. Because rather than the romanticized whirlwind of sparks and passion, Jimin just makes him feel safe, accepted, lets him know there’s someone there if he needs it, does everything he can to understand the way Yoongi’s head works, and puts up with Yoongi’s bad habits and forgetfulness and stubbornness because Yoongi is willing to put up with his own.Now, every time Yoongi enters that little café by the art store he’s greeted with that familiar sunshine smile and hands that sign like music and kisses that taste like coffee and chocolate.
Keith knew he wasn’t supposed to go on his phone during his shift but the store was empty and Shiro wasn’t here to tell him off anyway, so he resolutely spent his time looking at whatever random garbage the internet had to offer that day. 

He glanced up in disinterest when he heard the door chime. His posture straightened a little when he caught a look at the new customer. He was probably one of the kids from the nearby college; the lanky swimmer type, brown hair, brown eyes. He was pretty cute, actually. Despite the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles sweater. 

He strode up to the register with his phone pulled out and a grin on his expression. “Can I get a venti vanilla bean frappuccino with four pumps of mocha syrup, four pumps of vanilla syrup, and extra whipped cream?” 

So, the secret menu. Keith hated when people ordered off of that, it was just a huge hassle to make whatever concoction they had come up with. He already wasn’t paid enough for this shit. 

Keith held the sharpie over the cup expectantly. “Can I get your name?”


“Bond. James Bond.” The statement was accompanied by a crooked smile. 

Keith looked at him blankly. “Your name is James Bond?”

The guy flashed him a wink that had Keith fighting back a blush for some inexplicable reason. He then proceeded to hold his hands out to make a gun shape and made several noises which Keith supposed was supposed to be gun noises. “Double oh-seven.”

After a moment Keith decided fuck it, whatever then. He so wasn’t up for this shit today. “Okay, sure.”


After collecting the guy’s payment he went back to make the ludicrous drink that had been ordered. Like seriously, did he want diabetes?

When he finished the drink he noticed that the guy had gone to the other side of the room and was surfing his phone. His posture made it clear that he was expecting Keith to call out the fake name that he had given him which was kind of dumb, since he was the only customer there anyways. Keith cleared his throat and read off the name. 

“James Bond?”

Mystery guy looked up with a pleased grin and bounded over to grab his drink. He winked again. Ridiculous. 

“Gotta get to class now. Thanks.”

He grabbed a straw on the way out as he left in a jog, with Keith staring at his retreating figure in bewilderment. 

— 

Several days later it was far less quiet. Apparently everyone in the goddamn city had decided they needed Starbucks that specific day and it was an absolute shit show. The line was at least six people long at all times, and even with Allura running the register and Shiro helping Keith make drinks, they were still swamped with orders. 

Keith finished the latest order—it was ridiculous, a latte with like, three different kinds of syrups in it. Honestly. 

He turned the cup to see whose name to read and furrowed his brows in confusion. “Professor Xavier?”

Then Keith noticed the same guy from the other day coming to pick up his liquid diabetes and he rolled his eyes. Of course. 

He didn’t have much time to ponder the issue though, because Shiro was calling Keith to come and help already because there were still more orders, and Keith turned back to his work, but not before catching the grin the other boy gave him at Keith’s reaction. 

—

“I’ll take a venti latte with three extra shots of espresso and three pumps of vanilla syrup.” 

Keith looked at him in alarm. “Three shots of espresso?”


“Exams.” 

Keith nodded in understanding. He knew all too well about the stress of college exams, even though he’d dropped out the year prior. 

“Name?”


“Luke Skywalker.”

—

“So when you go to the hairdressers, do you like, ask for a mullet or…”

Keith rolled his eyes. That happened a lot around this kid. 

The Annoyance (Keith had taken to thinking of him like that, since the guy still hadn’t told him his real name) sat at the counter this time—sipped on his frappucino and generally just annoyed Keith, therefore living up to his name. Apparently his classes got cancelled that day but his friends’ didn’t so he had nothing else to do. Keith had suggested that he could do some extra studying but that had been a no go. Apparently he needed someone to annoy at all times. 

“But is it like, an intentional fashion choice, or do you ask for something else? Have you accepted the mullet, Keith? Do you embrace the mullet, or do you just ‘wake up that way’?”


Keith rolled his eyes and reached up to tie his hair back, just so the kid would stop bothering him. 

“Y’know, it’s kind of unfair that you know my name and I don’t know yours.”

The Annoyance threw his hands up in a 'sucks for you' motion. “Not my fault you’re required to wear a name tag.”

“Not my fault you have the most ridiculous sense of humor and think that giving fake names at Starbucks is funny.”


The other boy held up his cup to his chest defensively, as if Keith’s words were hurting its feelings or something. 

“I’m hilarious.”

Keith raised an incredulous eyebrow. “Clark Kent? Really?”

The Annoyance pulled open his jacket dramatically to reveal the superman shirt underneath, again. For the third time that morning. 

“Up up and away!” 

Keith just rolled his eyes—yet again—and got to work cleaning the espresso machine. 

—

Keith finished preparing the drink and finally looked at the name on the cup. He already knew that it was The Annoyance’s drink, because he had seen him come in, and the drink was covered in the usual abundance of markings indicating numerous specializations.

When he read the name he at first froze, then looked over at Allura, who was totally standing at the register with The Annoyance, looking like they were trying not to be suspicious, but completely failing. It was painfully obvious that they were watching Keith, and presumably his reaction. 

“Allura, what the hell? I’m not saying this name!”


She burst into a laugh like she couldn’t contain it anymore. “Why ever not, Keith? I didn’t take you for the prudish type.”


He flushed an embarrassed red. “I’m not. The reason I can’t announce this is the fact that it’s an entirely inaccurate description.” 

The Annoyance let out a gasp and clutched at his chest in a fake wounded manner. “How your words hurt me! I’m afraid I now have to insist.”

“The customer is always right, Keith.” Allura was entirely too satisfied in herself and Keith shot her a quick glare, just to show the depth of his true annoyance.


He sighed. “Christian Grey?”

The Annoyance gave him a wide grin. “Who? Me? Why, thank you kind sir for the comparison.”


Allura let out a little giggle behind where she was covering her mouth with her hand. 

Keith rolled his eyes. “I hate both of you, I hope you know that.”

—

The Annoyance brought some of his friends that time. The one was a tall, bulky guy that he heard mentioned by the name, “Hunk” or something like that. A strange name, but still better than Luke Skywalker, or Christian Grey. 


The other was shorter even than Keith. He, or she? (Keith supposed he didn’t really have a right to judge on that) wore glasses and had their hair cut short. 

The Annoyance ordered another one of his ridiculous concoctions, a hot chocolate this time with a ton of caramel syrup, under the name ‘Mick Jagger.’ 

His friends ordered far more sensible drinks, although ‘Hunk’ did buy a concerning amount of baked goods from the display case. 

The group sat close enough to the counter that Keith could hear their conversation if he was in the register area. So, he spent about ten straight minutes cleaning the counter and display case, trying to act inconspicuous about it. 

The Annoyance finally turned to look right at Keith and announced “I know what you’re trying to do Keith, and it won’t work. I’ve told them not to mention my name right out—keep the suspense, y’know.”

He then proceeded to wink at Keith and Keith flushed red at being caught. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m just trying to do my cleaning.” 

The Annoyance shot him a grin that hold him he didn’t believe a word he said. 

—

The Annoyance was wearing exercise clothing of all things. While ordering a drink that must have at least six hundred calories. 

“I just got back from a run. I thought I’d get a little post-workout snack.” 

Keith arched an eyebrow incredulously. “You’re not even sweaty, and this isn’t exactly a gatorade.”


“Alright, so maybe I haven’t exactly gone running yet, but I swear I was planning on it! It’s just so hot out today!”

Keith just shook his head, but couldn’t help himself smiling the slightest bit at his antics. 

“Name?”


“Shakira, ‘cus these hips don’t lie.” He proceeded to dance along to the ABBA on the radio with ridiculously over exaggerated movements and Keith couldn’t help the laugh that broke through at the sight of it. 

The other boy froze in his dancing when he saw Keith laughing and broke into a massive smile, and Keith wasn’t crazy when he thought he noticed a bit of a blush there, right? 

—

The Annoyance sighed for what must have been the tenth time in the last five minutes. Keith had finally had enough. He threw down his cleaning cloth in exasperation. 

“What the hell are you doing?”


The other boy had the nerve to look up from his homework as if he hadn’t realized he was doing anything wrong. Then he sighed, yet again and Keith felt like hopping over the counter and strangling him or something. 

“I can’t figure out what I’m doing wrong! I’ve gone over my work for this question like, five times, and I can’t see anything wrong, but the answer’s off! This is literally the worst thing.”


Keith rolled his eyes. “If I help you, will you shut the hell up with the sighing?”

The Annoyance looked at him with confusion, as if Keith was crazy. “This is like, third year astrophysics I don’t know how much you can really—“


Keith yanked the papers away from him and read them over for a moment. 

The Annoyance shut up then, and he actually looked slightly interested as to what Keith had to say about it. 

Keith found the error within thirty seconds and pointed it out. “You know, for having the name ‘Albert Einstein’ you really missed an easy error.”

The Annoyance looked at him in shock and checked the paper. “Holy shit. How the hell did I multiply three and three and get six?”

Keith rolled his eyes and pushed the paper away. “I dunno. You tell me.”


The other boy worked to fix the error and looked up at Keith contemplatively. “How did you know how to do that?”

“What? Multiply three and three?” Keith arched an eyebrow in a way he knew would piss the other off. 

The Annoyance shook his head. “No, not that. The astrophysics.” His eyes widened after a moment as if he’d come to an important realization. “Holy shit. Holy shit. You’re that kid!”


Keith furrowed his eyebrows in confusion. “What kid?”

“The one that kept fucking beating me! For the first two years of my degree I was always getting cheated from top of class by some kid named Keith who would always just get like, three percent higher and destroy my dreams! How do you seriously not know my name, we were like, rivals!”

Keith thought back but he didn’t really remember having a rival. “I don’t really know what you’re talking about with the rivals thing, I mean, I remember being top of the class but I don’t think I remember you.”


The Annoyance (and apparently, also formal rival) widened his eyes in shock. “What? How do you not remember me? See, it’s your own fault that you don’t know my name.”

Keith rolled his eyes. “Doesn’t seem to be too important so far, does it?”

The other boy gasped in false pain. “That was so rude! I am wounded!” He seemed to think for a moment. “Wait, what happened, because you haven’t been ruining my life this year.”


Keith shrugged, suddenly uncomfortable. “I dropped out.”


The other boy seemed to think it over for a moment before shrugging as well. “Alright. Hey, can I get a refill on this? It’s wonderful.” He flashed Keith a hopeful smile, fluttering his eyelashes in what Keith supposed was supposed to be a cute way. 

“Flattery will get you nowhere when you’re using all the syrups.” Keith crossed his arms in defiance, but even he couldn’t resist the pleading face for very long. 

He sighed and snatched the cup away and went to refill it. 

He made sure to flip the other boy off when he saw the triumphant smirk plastered on his face. 

—

It was probably the fourth time The Annoyance had passed by the front of the store. Every time he made a walk-by, he peered in through the windows at the front, as if he was waiting for something. 

Keith finished up with the last customer in line and saw as yet again the other boy passed in front of the store. Keith wasn’t sure how many more passes it would take for him to finally snap and run out there to ask what the hell was wrong with him. 

This time however, seemed to be different. The Annoyance looked in the store and his posture suddenly straightened as if he had found what he was looking for. He passed out of sight again and Keith sighed. Maybe he would be free of him now. 

A few moments later, The Annoyance came striding up again but this time he was wearing some ridiculous white leather jacket with sunglasses and Keith already knew this was going to be a shit-show. 

The other boy opened the door leading in to the store, and Keith heard… Elvis playing? What the fuck? 

The Annoyance proceeded to do some ridiculous Elvis walk impersonation on his way to the resister, and even did a couple of spins with embellished movements throughout it. 

The rest of the customers in the café seemed delighted with this routine and Keith felt himself blushing even though this was completely ridiculous. 

He did a final slide to reach the register and lowered his sunglasses to look over them with raised eyebrows. 

“Elvis Presley. Thank you, thank you very much.” He even tried his best impression of an Elvis voice. 

Keith stared at him for a moment before he couldn’t help it anymore. He burst out laughing because he couldn’t believe how adorable this was. Ridiculous, but utterly adorable. 

“You’re doing costumes now?”

Damnit, Keith was so gone over this kid. 

—

The Annoyance (Keith couldn’t believe he still didn’t know the guy’s name) was hovering. He had ordered his drink about twenty minutes ago (under the name Don Juan. Keith had rolled his eyes at that one, at least, more than usual). Now, he was sitting at the counter, occasionally taking a sip, but more drumming his fingers on the counter than anything else. He picked up his phone every few moments to check something then put it down a moment later, as if he wasn’t sure exactly what he had wanted to check. 
Keith was too busy to go tell him to fucking stop, or to ask him what was up — either one. It was the middle of the morning rush, and the shop was full of people needing their morning caffeine. 
Eventually the lines cleared up as it moved past peak hour and Keith finally had a free moment. The other boy was still there, so he thought he’d go over and talk to him. Maybe he had only stayed to talk to Keith after all, which would make sense as to why he was still there. 

“Hey, what’s up?” Keith cleaned the counter with a rag as he spoke. He might as well be productive while making conversation. 

The boy actually startled, as if he hadn’t seen Keith coming. 

He looked at Keith with wide eyes, then glanced away quickly. He thought he saw the beginnings of a blush on his cheeks there. “Sorry, I’m just a little distracted.” 

“Something wrong?”


“No! Nope, uh…” He let out a deep breath, as if he’d been holding it for a while. “Yeah, actually, I’ve been thinking about something…for a while.”

Keith arched an eyebrow. “And?”

“And I uh…Doyouwanttogooutsometime?”

Keith stopped his cleaning and looked at him for a moment in confusion.  “Sorry? You spoke too fast, I couldn’t hear you.”

The other boy looked distressed. He took a deep breath. “I said, do you want to maybe go out sometime? I don’t know, lunch, or dinner or coffee or something, but I’m sure you’ve seen enough coffee for one lifetime.”

Keith just stared at him for a moment, again. Except, this time it wasn’t out of confusion, it was out of surprise. When the weight of his words sank in and Keith saw that the other boy’s expression was sincere, he felt himself breaking into a slow smile.


“I don’t know, that depends.”


“On what?” The other boy seemed worried. 

“What’s your real name?”


The relief was eminent on his expression. “If I tell you, will you go out with me?”


Keith smiled wider. “Deal.”

The boy’s expression lit up in happiness. “Great! Fantastic. Uh, my name’s Lance.” 

“Nice to meet you, Lance.” 

They both kind of just hopelessly smiled at each other for a moment before Keith noticed the cup again, reading ‘Don Juan.’ “Wait, did you pick that name today on purpose?”


Lance looked embarrassed. “Maybe. Yeah, I did. I was gonna say some witty pickup line related to it, but I chickened out.” 

Keith shook his head. “You are such a dork.”

“But you’ve already agreed to go out, and there’re no take backs!”

Keith rolled his eyes. “You’re still a dork.” 

Lance pouted. Keith took his sharpie from his apron pocket and reached for Lance’s cup, scribbling out his phone number quickly, underneath the Don Juan. 

He slid it back over the counter to Lance, who took it with an elated expression. 

“I have work to do and you have a class in ten minutes, so you better get going.” 

Lance’s eyes widened at the mention of his upcoming class. “Oh shit.” He gave Keith a hopeful look. “I’ll call you?”


Keith’s mouth quirked up at the corner. “Go. You’re gonna be late.”

Lance waved him goodbye as he grabbed his cup and took off in a sprint so as to make it to his class on time. 

Keith just shook his head because that guy was honestly such an idiot sometimes, but he couldn’t help the hopeless smile that spread across his face at the thought of him. Of Lance. 

Maybe he didn’t mind him so much after all. 
Stiles knows him as the guy who gets a tall black every other morning.He can't help but smirk to himself, just a little bit, every time he sees the guy skulk in, because he just looks like the kind of guy who would drink nothing but black coffee. Tall, sharp features, piercing blue eyes, the whole shebang -- you know, the kind of brooding love interest that you might find in a cheesy romantic novel. He comes in every other day with a leather jacket draped on his shoulders and a scowl carved into his face, and Stiles chuckles to himself because it just seems so ordinary.It's not like he owns the coffee shop, but he's been working there for a few years (Mrs. McCall was nice enough to give him a job back when he was technically too young to work, but those are the perks of being best friends with her son.) It's the most well-attended cafe in the entire area, and he's seen plenty of characters in his day -- the ditsy blondes, the blockhead jocks, the nerds, the starving poets, the hipsters -- and this guy just screams "tortured soul with a dark past."He'd probably leave the guy to his own devices if it weren't for his own damn curiosity, so he can't really be bothered when he hitches an eyebrow at the guy's order."You know," Stiles starts slowly, "you order the same thing every time you come in here." He starts ringing up the drink regardless, and he chuckles. "What's life without spontaneity?"

The guy hardly looks amused. "Normal, that's what it is. I asked for a coffee, not an interview." He shoves his hands into his jacket pockets, and Stiles can already tell that he's musing on whether or not he should tip this time around. He's not bothered, and he shrugs nonchalantly.He grabs a medium-sized cup from behind the counter. "This shop's so successful because we have so many different types of coffee, though. You wouldn't want to try a new one? Ever?"

"Do I look like the kind of person who enjoys new experiences?"

"You look like the kind of person who doesn't enjoy anything." Stiles grins. He starts filling the cup, and even as he speaks, he's inching towards the almond pump. "That's not really any way to live life, is it?"

The guy's scowl deepens, and Stiles tries to keep from laughing, because he's definitely not getting tipped. "Are you a psychiatrist or a barista?"

"Neither." Stiles says flippantly, and the conversation, like he planned, distracts the guy enough so he doesn't see when Stiles starts pumping almond syrup into the coffee. He grabs a top to the cup off the side of the counter and grins. "I'm actually a werewolf, but I collect stamps as a hobby."Somehow, the guy doesn't seem surprised.Stiles slides the coffee across the counter as Mr. Broodington starts rifling through the bills in his wallet. "That'll be two dollars and eight cents." he chirps, and he's surprised to see that the guy can look even more upset, shoving his hand into the pocket of his jeans.He slaps his money on the counter and mumbles a quick, "Thanks." before walking to the furthest corner of the store from Stiles to probably sulk and write poetry.Stiles watches him with a smirk as he sets up a laptop on the counter of the table and he slides the money into his palm. He tries his best not to laugh, but it's difficult -- two dollar bills, a nickel, and three pennies. Not a single cent in tips.--He doesn't jump when he hears somebody clearing their throat from the counter, because he's been waiting for Sir Skulk-A-Lot to trudge over to the front again. He puts on his sunniest smile and turns to greet him."Enjoying the coffee?"

The guy looks perpetually infuriated. "What the hell do you think you're doing?"

Stiles doesn't bother to keep up an act of feigned innocence, so he just rolls his eyes good-naturedly and shrugs. "Oh, come on, look me in the eye and tell me I don't make the best damn Almond Joy you've ever tasted." The guy still doesn't look amused. "It's got almond and coconut and mocha in it, come on! It could brighten anyone's day, even yours.""It's not what I ordered." the guy growls low in his throat. "I paid you."Stiles sighs. "Listen, you're a man of integrity, right? You're blunt and you don't pull punches." He smirks. "So, if you can tell me that that's honestly not the best damn cup of coffee you've ever had, I'll refund your money and give you a new one, black as night. Deal?""I'm not here to play games with you!" the guy snaps.So Stiles just leans on the counter, putting his chin in his palm. His smile is lazy. "I dare you, dude."Dr. Dreary's clenching his teeth, but he doesn't say anything immediately. He stares at Stiles and Stiles stares back, and they stand there at the counter for what seems like an eternity, just waiting for the other to budge. Stiles can tell some of the other customers are watching, and he's getting a kick out of it.But eventually the guy grunts and swipes the coffee off the counter, and he turns to go back to his seat."It's not dude, either." he mumbles. "It's Derek."

And Stiles grins. "Enjoy your coffee, Derek."--Eventually, Derek stops coming in every other day. Melissa finds it strange, but Stiles finds it amusing, because instead, he's coming in every day. He still only stays and clacks away on his computer occasionally, but he gets into the habit of at least dropping in every morning and grabbing a drink before heading out.Derek's also gotten into the habit of telling Stiles to "surprise him." He'll never get over that, really.So it's one morning when Stiles is pumping some mint into the coffee that he looks over his shoulder and tries to make conversation. "So, Derek.""Stiles." he replies, and at least he doesn't scowl all the time anymore. Melissa sometimes pats Stiles on the back for making one of their regulars semi-happy to come in on a daily basis, but Stiles would just call his expression tolerant.Stiles caps the coffee and slides it across the counter, and Derek pulls out three bills from his wallet (yeah, that's right, Stiles has jumped up from nothing to a ninety-two cent tip, what.) "Where do you work, anyway?" he asks casually. "You're always on your laptop, but you don't look like you're a businessman or anything."

Derek looks like he's been taken a bit off-guard by the question. He shoves his wallet back into his pocket and says, "I work at the local animal shelter." Stiles grabs a towel to start wiping down the counter, but he keeps his eyes on Derek. "I'm in charge of keeping records -- which animals get adopted and transferred and..."He trails off, and that's the first time Stiles sees anything that might resemble compassion from Derek, because it doesn't take a genius to figure out that he left out euthanized. He's a tad shocked, to the say the least, so he tries to change the subject to something somewhat more light-hearted. "Which ones do you like best?"

"Excuse me?"

Stiles shrugs. "Which animals, I mean. Which are your favorite?"

Derek pauses, and he seems to think the question over for a minute, but he nods decisively and says, "The dogs." He sounds oddly determined when he says it, and Stiles files it away into the back of his mind to call on later.Derek glances down at his watch and he grabs the coffee. "Thanks." he mumbles, and he turns on his heel, striding out of the store with a nervous kind of purpose that makes Stiles honestly worry.--"That coffee you gave me yesterday." Derek asks the next afternoon when he walks in, slinging his laptop bag further onto his shoulder. "What was that?"

Stiles grins at him and grabs a coffee cup. "The one with the mint? We call it the Polar Express." Derek hitches an eyebrow at him. "Well, I do, at least. Melissa lets me name the coffee. She thinks it's cute."Derek seems skeptical, but he nods. "I just thought I'd tell you that it was, uh..." He struggles with the words, and Stiles laughs, brewing some coffee into the Styrofoam cup."Yes, I know I make the best cup of coffee in town, thank you very much." he says, and Derek purses his lips, content on giving up. "The ground I walk on is available for kissing on Tuesdays and Thursdays."Derek averts his eyes, and Stiles can't help but think it's a bit cute. "Alright, Mr. Stilinski." he says, with some manner of finality, and Stiles tries not to snigger. "Surprise me.""I'll get you a Jungle Fever." Stiles says with a wink, and he can almost swear that he sees Derek crack a smile.--Their relationship continues for a week or two as it is, with Stiles making all sorts of crazy coffee combinations for Derek to try and Derek loving every last one of them. Stiles even ends up making two or three new ones that make their way onto the menu (the customers particularly like the hazelnut coffee with strawberry and mint, so Stiles takes it upon himself to name it Derek's Brew. When it gets added to the menu, he can't help but notice that Derek can't take his eyes off of it.)It's on a rainy Saturday that Derek comes in, drenched from head to toe and looking considerably worse for wear than normal. Stiles frowns and grabs a cup, and he tries to make his jokes a tad gentler."We've got a Stilinski Brand-Name Comfort Coffee, if you'd like to try it." he says, and Derek blinks, eyes oddly duller than normal. "It pretty much just involves me hitting random flavor pumps and hoping for the best.""That sounds like a great idea." Derek says quickly, and Stiles nods.He turns his back on Derek and starts brewing the coffee, and he doesn't even have to ask, and Derek starts talking on his own."There's this dog at the shelter." he starts quietly, and his voice is fond, like he's imagining the dog. "It's this Saint Bernard named Rocket. He was smaller than his brothers and sisters when he was born."Stiles jabs the toffee pump with his finger. "Yeah? What's up, is he sick?" Derek shakes his head, and Stiles wonders what makes him comfortable enough to be sharing all this with him. He's a bit taken aback to think that, somewhere along the way, Derek started to like him.Stiles almost can't hear him when he speaks again. "Nobody's taking him in." he tells Stiles. "Nobody's even looking at him, you know?" He frowns at the counter in front of him, and the water from his hair is dripping onto the surface of it. "He was sick when he was younger, and I took care of him, and nobody's even giving him a chance."He pulls the coffee cup out of the machine and caps it absent-mindedly. "Why don't you take him in, then?" he asks. "You seem like you know him well."Derek just shakes his head, though, keeping his eyes firmly trained on the counter in front of him. "I've already taken in three dogs that were set to be euthanized." He says it like it's the most ordinary thing a person could have done, but Stiles is struck by how... warm it is. "I couldn't handle a fourth."

He sounds so dejected that it makes Stiles' heart clench, even just the tiniest bit, and he's suddenly wondering if he's feeling more for the dog or for Derek. But his mouth almost starts moving on his own, without him thinking."You know," he says, trying to inject an air of mischief into his voice, to lighten the mood, "other than school and work, my apartment gets pretty damn boring. I've actually been wondering if I should get a dog." He really hasn't, but hey, dogs are totally awesome, aren't they?And besides, Derek's already looking up, and his expression is so open and hopeful that Stiles can't not adopt the dog now. "I shouldn't make you do that." Derek says, but his voice is distant, as if he doesn't mean it. Stiles just shrugs, and he slides the coffee across the counter top."Rocket would be good for me." he says, and he surprised to find that he really means it, surprised to find that he really wouldn't like to do anything more than make Derek happy, let him know that his dog is safe.And it's the first time that Stiles ever catches a full-blown, honest-to-goodness Derek Hale grin, and he looks so relieved that Stiles can't even be bothered to think about collars and food and vet visits, because he just did something that made Derek happy.He's surprised by how much that means to him.After a moment, Derek's finally able to speak. "When's the earliest you can take him?" he asks quietly, as if he still doesn't believe it, and Stiles shrugs."When's the earliest I can get him?"

"Tonight, I guess."

Stiles winks. "Tonight sounds good."Derek nods at that, and he clears his throat, his smile disappearing. Stiles can't help but be somewhat amused, like Derek needs to keep up some dark, unapproachable persona at all times. He pulls out his wallet and slides a bill towards Stiles.Stiles' eyes widen as he looks at the ten on the counter. "Dude, it's still only two dollars and eight cents."Derek picks up his coffee and shrugs, and his face is passive when he says, "It's the smallest bill I have. Keep the change." With that, he walks out, and it takes Stiles a minute to realize he's been tipped just shy of five hundred percent.--Rocket's smaller than most Saint Bernards that Stiles has seen, but he's definitely not a small dog. Derek has him sign all the paperwork and they get all the business out of the way, and soon enough, Stiles is loading the dog, a bag of chow, and a slightly-worn chew toy into the back of his Jeep.Derek holds his hand out for a shake, and Stiles takes it, grinning. "I'll take pictures for you and everything." he tells Derek, and the other man nods."Thank you, Stiles." he says quietly. "Really."Stiles shrugs, and he pats the back of his Jeep. "He'll love my place, I promise. All we'll ever do is eat pizza and watch movies." Derek's smile is small, but it's definitely there, and Stiles feels like it's worth it, then.

And also when Rocket licks his ear on the drive home. That's pretty great too.--Stiles has Scott and Melissa over the next day for lunch and to meet the new dog, and Scott's playing tug-of-war with Rocket in the living room as Stiles and Melissa chat in the kitchen."The local shelter?" Melissa asks when Stiles tells her where he got Rocket. Her smile is small, but Stiles doesn't miss it. "You mean where that guy works? The guy with all the leather that you always tease?"

"His name's Derek." Stiles replies with a shrug. "And I guess you could say it was kind of a favor, but I'm glad I have Rocket. I didn't do it just to make Derek happy." He purses his lips and thinks that sentence over, and can already tell where Melissa's going to make a jump.She sidles up next to him, leaning against the counter as he starts brewing coffee in the little Keurig he bought at Walmart, and her grin is knowing. "You know, Stiles," she says, hushed, "a dog isn't going to get you a date."He looks up at her, his eyebrows shooting up, and she winks at him. Pushing herself off the counter, she vanishes into the living room, and he can hear her laugh as Rocket starts barking.He's not sure why, but he can't stop thinking about for the rest of the day. It sits in the back of his mind, gnawing at him, never leaving him alone -- that, and the image of Derek's face when he agreed to adopt the dog. How happy he'd looked.The next morning, Stiles wakes up and doesn't know why he's anxious.--Derek strides into the coffee shop that morning with purpose, and Stiles can already tell that he probably has a busy morning ahead of him. He grins, though he knows the anxiety in his stomach is bubbling up violently, and asks, "What'll it be?"

"Surprise me." It's a dialog that the two of them have gotten used to, and Stiles, out of habit, pulls a Styrofoam cup out and starts brewing a Jack o' Lantern, hitting the pumpkin and toffee pumps.Derek stuffs his hand into his pocket, retrieving his wallet. "How's Rocket?" he asks, and it's almost as if he's trying to sound casual, but failing. Stiles crosses his arms and shrugs."I dunno. He's only the coolest dog ever." he says, and Derek's face doesn't change, but his shoulders slump, just the smallest bit, in relief. He pulls the cup off and caps it, sliding it across the counter. "That one's on the house."

Derek shakes his head. "I really should --" He pauses, though, his hand frozen inside his wallet, and he looks at the coffee first, then at Stiles. He furrows his brow. "What do you mean, that one?"

Well, it's now or never, I guess.He's not entirely sure what's driving him when he reaches forward and grabs a fistful of Derek's shirt, but he leans up and shuts his eyes and hopes for the best. The kiss probably isn't the most amazing first kiss, and it's probably not the best way to introduce himself as a potential romantic interest, but it's the best he can do on short notice.If he had waited any longer, he probably would have freaked the hell out.He pulls away after a minute, and from the side of the store, a customer wolf-whistles, but his eyes are on Derek, who's wide-eyed and frozen. He lets go of Derek's front and finds himself unable to say anything, so he smiles weakly."That one's called 'Stiles Is Really Great And You Should Consider Going On A Date With Him Because He's Great.' It's off the menu." He shrugs, and Derek finally seems to relax a little bit, though dubiously. "And it, uh. Yeah."Derek nods absently, staring vacantly at the counter before him, and Stiles starts panicking, wondering if he made the wrong choice after all. Derek seems to muse over something for a moment, but he grabs a pen out of the coffee mug on the corner of the counter and turns over a stray receipt he had shoved in his wallet.He scribbles something down and slides it over the counter, picking up his coffee. "I hope that'll cover it." Stiles blinks and picks the receipt up, but he stares at Derek as he slips his wallet back into his pocket.Then, Derek leans over the counter and kisses Stiles' cheek, and that's when he finally breaks out his stupor and realizes what just happened. Derek smirks at him and turns around, and he's off before Stiles is able to say anything.He can hear some of the customers giggling, and one of them shouts, "Yeah, Stiles!" before he actually looks down at the receipt. When he does, he's staring down at a dark script that reads Derek Hale and a phone number.It takes him a moment to realize that the number is Derek's number, and he grins. He stuffs the number into the front of his apron, and announces loudly to the coffee shop."Coffee's on the house for the rest of the day!"

And he can almost swear that he can hear Melissa laughing from the back.--Two weeks later, it's raining, and Derek comes in, drenched from head to toe and considerably content-looking for a Monday morning."What'll it be?" Stiles asks him with a grin, and Derek leans over, pecking him on the lips."Surprise me." he replies, and Stiles chuckles, grabbing a cup.
MANDAG 15.10
At this point, Isak’s pretty sure that his locker has become sentient enough to figure out how to fuck with him at the worst times. All he has the energy for is to grab his Bio textbook in time to catch the tram. He already has plans to veg out in front of his laptop with a bag of sour cream and onion chips, goddammit, he doesn’t care how much Eskild complains about his breath stinking up the whole place. He deserves it after the shitty day he’s had, because there’s no way a test on  motion could’ve been that hard. Isak sometimes moves from his bed. He knows how it works.The locker door finally opens as he’s struggling to remember whether he should’ve taken the square root of time in that last problem. He’s so distracted that he doesn’t notice when a piece of notebook paper flutters to the ground. He almost kicks it away before his eyes land on the giant heart drawn in green marker on the front. His eyes dart around the hallway to see if anyone’s noticed, but everyone’s going about their own business, unaware of how loudly Isak’s heart is thudding in his chest.The note is wrinkled from being stuck in his locker, but the writing is clear.  I like your hair, and it sucks that you hide it under your hats all the time, but I like your snapbacks too, so what do you know? Maybe I just like everything about you. Isak blushes bright red. This has got to be a joke, because Isak isn’t a catch by anyone’s standards. He can hardly go ten feet without tripping, he’d rather spend his Fridays playing video games than talking to real people, and he can count on one hand the number of times he’ll leave his room on any given weekend. He’s objectively not bad-looking, but he’s not attractive enough to catch anyone’s eye either. He gets by with girls using his awkward brand of charm, but it’s not like any of that matters.Fuck, he hates everyone at this goddamn school. He liked it better when he was just Jonas’s tagalong friend.As he crumples the note to throw away, he catches Emma’s eye. Her locker is only a few doors down from his, and when she notices him looking, her face immediately brightens. Isak flinches when she waves at him, and he tightens his fist around the note.If it wasn’t a joke, it must’ve come from Emma – who else? They’d almost hooked up last weekend, had gotten as far as making out in a bathroom before he’d stopped her as she’d sunk to her knees. Her lips had just made him numb, and even reminding himself what his friends expected of him wasn’t enough.It’s just sad at this point, because Isak’s well aware that the problem isn’t just with Emma, with her pretty hair and her cheekbones and her complete willingness to suck Isak’s dick when her friend was just waiting on the other side of that bathroom door. Isak’s almost hoping that boys won’t do it for him either. He’s never actually tried. He probably never would, at the rate he’s going. Maybe it’s better to be alone forever than risk kissing a boy and actually liking it.Emma bounces up to him, clutching her Chemistry textbook to her chest. Before he can make an excuse to dart away, she’s already asking, “You’re coming to my party on Friday, right?”“Uh, party? Friday?”“Yeah, I told you about it last weekend. At Eva’s?” she says. Isak wonders whether that was before or after she’d tried to give him the blowjob, but it probably doesn’t matter anyway – he’s been trying to block the entire experience out of his mind.“Your friends said they’d come,” Emma continues.Isak scratches the back of his neck. “I may have a…family thing that night, but I’ll let you know.”“Okay,” Emma says. “Hey, what’s that in your hand? It looks important.”Isak hurries to hide the note behind his back before Emma can inspect it more closely, but he can already feel his stomach dropping. The smile she shoots at him is too knowing for it to be a coincidence, and he has to force his train of thought into a stop before he reads too much into it. It’ll just confirm his worst suspicions, and his day has already sucked enough without having to figure out how to get this girl off his back.This would be his friends’ wildest dreams. Figures.“It’s just my Biology notes.”“Must be some really important Biology notes.”“Yeah, I have people fighting for these, so.” It’s true. The two stoners who sit in the back had offered him a shitload of weed for his notes before their last exam. He would’ve taken them up on it too, if Mahdi hadn’t told him the  stories  about their weed, and maybe there’s a reason why Isak has never seen them sober.“So I’ll talk to you later, Isak?”“Yeah,” Isak sighs, before Emma leaves with a wave.Nothing good can come out of this stupid note, and Isak’s about to throw it away and forget the whole ordeal when he spots Even Bech Næsheim striding down the hallway, surrounded by his friends. Isak can’t claim to have ever strung together two words around Even, but he’s heard the rumors, although it’s barely been a month since Even’s transferred to Nissen.Even had once climbed up to the roof at a house party to let himself fall backwards into the pool and barely made it. He rented an entire boat for a month – an expensive one at that – just to have parties in it every weekend, and decided to live in it for a week until his parents forced him home. He spray-painted a teacher’s car with the word “bigot” over and over after the teacher made a particularly racist comment towards one of his Muslim friends, and got suspended for two weeks. He paid for a random couple’s honeymoon suite in one of the most expensive hotels in Oslo out of the kindness of his heart. He wrote a 20 (or was it 30?) page essay on intersectional feminism, paid for a shit ton of copies to be printed, and scattered them all across the school when his teacher wouldn’t give him extra credit for it.At this point, Isak wonders whether Even’s a real person, or whether he’s just a careful construction of the rumors Isak can’t seem to ignore, no matter how often he tells himself he doesn’t care. There isn’t a single cell in his body that wonders how Even gets his hair so perfect every morning, or how his jeans seem to fit perfectly on his long legs.Just then, as if he can sense Isak’s eyes on him, Even looks over from where he’s leaning against the water fountain. Isak ducks his head, blushing, but he can’t put a stop to the flutters that erupt in his stomach. Of course Even notices him on a day when he’s barely awake after an all-nighter. His clothes don’t match, his snapback is askew, and there’s a horrible pizza stain on his shirt. The universe hates him.He risks another peek, but Even’s eyes are still on him. He’s probably just wondering how such a human disaster had made it to seventeen, but Isak’s chest threatens to split wide open anyway.Isak stares at the note again. There’s no signature. For all he knows, it was written by someone he’s never met, someone he may actually like.Isak passes up the trash can and tucks the note into his pocket instead.~~
MANDAG 16.00
Isak’s hardly a coffee person. He’d rather spend his money on energy drinks because at least those come in cool colors, but he’s so sleep-deprived after school that he finds himself at KB, tapping his feet as he waits for his vanilla latte. The sheer size of the menu had nearly scared him off, but he can’t go wrong with this, right? Even Mahdi will get the occasional latte, and he hasn’t turned into a hipster yet.He’s lazily playing Candy Crush on his phone when Even slides up to the register with coffee in hand. Even proceeds to take the last three coffee sleeves out of the tin one by one, and slips them on his coffee cup stacked on top of each other. Isak can only watch, mouth agape.Even turns to him, and it’s like Isak’s world slows down to a stop. “What? Did you need coffee sleeves too? Sorry, my hands are big, and they’re fragile.”Isak looks down to Even’s hands, imagines them on his skin. Even’s not  wrong. The barista places his latte on the counter then, and Isak can’t even pick it up because he doesn’t want his hands to burn the fuck off. Isak pokes at it, but jerks his finger away immediately.“Um,” Isak says, and he’s proud of himself for being able to make an actual sound around Even.Even pulls a napkin from the paper dispenser and hands it to him. Isak wraps it around the cup without a word. The paper’s too thin to actually help, but Isak can’t just ask Even if he can sacrifice his poor fragile hands. Communicating properly would go against everything he stands for.“So I saw you in the hallway today,” Even says. “After school?”Isak’s jaw clenches. He should’ve just kept his head down. He would’ve been perfectly fine with catching glimpses of Even around school. Of course the first time he let his eyes linger would bite him in the ass. Even’s the kind of guy who can see right through him, right into the places Isak never wants to show a soul.Isak tightens his grip on the cup. “What about it?”Even shrugs. “I was just curious. We’ve never talked before.”“So?”“I’ve heard about you, from your friends?”Isak immediately tenses. There’s no way his friends are cool enough to hang out with Even. Not even Jonas, who’s hooked up with third-year girls but is still only acquaintances with the kind of people who’ve adopted Even into their group. “Who?” he says warily.“Elias? He said you hung out a lot last year.”Isak’s breath hitches. He can imagine the stories Even would’ve heard from Elias. He could barely spend more than five minutes with Elias before worrying that the guy would figure it out. Isak was just the gay kid Elias had to put up with for Jonas’s sake, and he could never confront him about it, scared that the word would stick if he said it out loud.It’s a little too late for that.The whole charade pisses him off suddenly. He would’ve preferred Even warning him straight-up to stop staring at him, because that’s  too gay, and I don’t want to deal with that. Isak’s heard it enough times from Elias, even if Jonas had brushed it off as a joke. It shouldn’t even matter. He knows people who’ve dealt with worse, if Eskild’s stories are anything to go by. Even’s just another straight boy who doesn’t want Isak projecting on him. It hurts, but Even’s allowed to want that. Isak would’ve done the same in his shoes.“I think your coffee’s spilling.” Even nods down at the cup in Isak’s hand. Isak jolts back to attention when he realizes he’s been squeezing so hard that the coffee had spilled over the lip.  He hadn’t noticed the hot coffee dripping down his hand until now, but it burns so bad Isak swears his skin is about to shrivel up . “Fuck,” he says, as he tries to dab the coffee stains off his sleeve. Even comes back with a wad of napkins in his hand, but Isak pushes it away.“I can do it on my own,” he snaps.“You’re about to spill the rest of your coffee.”Because Even has to be right, Isak manages to lose his grip on the cup. It spills all over his shoe, staining the bottom of his jeans. Isak lets out a string of swears as he leans down to wipe up the mess, and before he can stop him, Even’s soaking up the coffee with his napkins.Isak snatches the stack out of his hands. “Seriously, I can handle it.”“I can help.” He sounds so kind that it almost makes Isak want to cry. Even’s pity somehow makes his chest ache tighten even more.Isak avoids his searching gaze. “Can you just go away?”One of the baristas leaves the counter to see what’s going on, and Isak blinks to hold the frustrated tears back. Fuck, he should’ve learned how to hide his feelings by now. Nothing good has ever come out of them. “Seriously,” Isak says again, and something about the way Isak’s hands are shaking must finally get through to Even, because he stands up, biting his lip.“Isak--”Isak doesn’t look up. “Please.”Even gently places the napkin dispenser next to Isak on the ground, and Isak can finally breathe again when Even walks out the door.~~
MANDAG 22.50
Isak manages to hold off for almost the entire night before he digs up that video he found from from when Even went to Bakka. He’d tried looking up Even as soon as he knew who this guy was, but Even’s apparently from the Stone Ages, because Isak can’t dig up any social media on him. This one video is Isak’s only insight into Even, and he can’t say it’s a particularly good one, unless Even is more into Captain America and Putin’s romance than he lets on.He wishes he could stay mad at Even, could hate the way his eyes light up when he talks about Baz Luhrmann or the way his eyes crinkle when he laughs. He can’t manage much more than quiet resignation, because in this universe, boys like Isak can’t like other boys without ruining themselves in the process. He’s used to it by now.~~
MANDAG 23.05

  
~~
TIRSDAG 12.30

 Have you ever had a day when everything seems to be going wrong? My alarm didn't go off this morning, and I had a Norwegian essay due that I forgot about, and my parents are bugging me about whether I'm okay again. What else am I going to say? Like “hi mom my life is fine, I’m eating, I go to class a good 90% of the time.” I haven't managed to self destruct yet. So it's been a shitty morning but then I saw you in the cafeteria, and you looked so cute today in that red scarf that it made everything a little better. 

 ~~ 

TORSDAG 15.05

 Here is a picture of you accidentally dropping a breakfast taco on yourself because you're a klutz, and I don't know why I'm smiling so hard. 
~~
TORSDAG 19.30



 ~~ 

FREDAG 13.33

 You looked really sad today and I can't ask you why so here are a few things that may make you smile: 
  
 ~~ 

FREDAG 23.07
Against his best efforts, they wind up at Emma’s house on Friday night, already a little high from the cupcakes Jonas had handed out earlier at Isak’s place. Jonas had looked a little too excited about the fact that the eggs were farm-fresh. He’d seen the chickens himself. Honestly, Isak just wanted to get high, not have his hipster cred validated, but he’s proud of Jonas’s commitment to sustainability.“I thought you said one of Even’s friends was throwing this,” Isak says.“He’s just bringing the alcohol,” Mahdi says, taking another swig from the beer can. “He got kicked out of his apartment last week, and Emma offered up her place.”Jonas claps Isak on the back. “Besides, man, this is your chance to talk to her again.”“I already talked to her at school.”“And?”“I said hi.”Mahdi throws his hands in the air in surrender. “God fucking dammit, Isak, we practically shove you at a hot girl, and you can’t even do it right? She was so into you, man. What’s wrong with you?”Isak gulps. If Mahdi only knew.  Magnus finds Vilde talking to Eva in a corner almost as soon as they walk through the doors. The minute Jonas and Mahdi run after him for damage control, Isak slips into the kitchen, where it’s crowded enough that they won’t be able to find him until he’s good and ready. Isak lets out a shaky breath. Between all the notes and the text from his mom, his lungs have been close to bursting for an entire week. With every note, it seems harder and harder to believe that someone can be this dedicated to a prank, or maybe that’s just Isak’s wishful thinking, ready to bruise just when it would hurt the must.He shouldn’t have said yes to this, but they’ve been on his case for making excuses every other Friday, and anyway, he can only pull the “family emergency” card so many times before they see right through him. He’d rather be spilling Cheeto crumbs on his bed right now, overanalyzing every note, not avoiding a perfectly pretty, perfectly nice girl who had just picked the wrong person to have a crush on.He’s eyeing the counter, wondering where the vodka had disappeared to, when Even squeezes into the space next to him. Fuck, Isak had picked this spot just to avoid something like this. He can’t handle Even right now, and he keeps his gaze resolutely fixed to the counter.This guy can’t take a fucking hint. “I’m sorry about the other day,” Even yells over the Justin Bieber that’s blasting through Emma’s speakers.“Okay.”“Okay. That’s it?”“What do you want me to say?”“Acknowledging my existence would be nice.”Isak’s eyes slowly slide over to Even’s face, but he can’t keep eye contact for long, because Even looks so goddamn earnest holding out a can of beer like a peace offering. Isak doesn’t want to forgive him, and he can’t trust himself when he’s high enough to think that crawling into the cabinet beneath the sink is a good idea. Not when Even’s smile holds no hint of ill will, and his shirt is buttoned up all the way to his collar in a way that should make him look like a nerd, but only makes Isak’s fingers itch with the urge to touch.He forces himself to take a step back in the small space he has. It doesn’t help much, but he does clear some of the fog from his head.“You look nice,” Even says. “That’s a cool shirt.”Isak’s wearing a Winnie the Pooh shirt that Jonas had dared him to wear as his punishment for falling asleep first the last time they’d gotten high. Isak hadn’t even known the shirt was still in his closet, but Jonas has a knack for sniffing out every embarrassing thing about Isak.So does Even, apparently, but it’s different coming from him. Isak is nowhere near as cool or interesting as Even is, but does he really need to keep pointing that out?“Don’t you have other friends you can bother?” He self-consciously pulls at a loose thread at the bottom of his shirt.“Nah, they’re all smoking on the balcony.”“Then why are you here?”“I saw you.”Isak sighs. “You don’t have to apologize because you feel guilty or whatever. We can forget about it, alright?”“I’ll buy you another coffee sometime.”Isak grimaces.  Sometime. Like he’ll keep running into Even at KB, like he’ll keep having to talk to Even and pretend that it doesn’t make his heart shrivel up, knowing what Even thinks of him. “You really don’t have to.”“I swear I’m actually not as much of an asshole as you think I am. I should just come with a warning sign, you know? Will accidentally offend you and make you spill your coffee but has the best intentions.”“That’s a lot of words to put on a sign.”Even scratches his chin. “There’d probably have to be at least ten other warnings in there too --maybe I could get one of those teleprompters? Where the words scroll?”Isak’s pretty sure word-scrolling technology has moved past teleprompters, but Isak doesn’t expect anything different from someone who doesn’t even have a Facebook.He snorts. “More warnings. Of course you think you’re all complex and shit.”A smile plays at the corners of Even’s mouth. “Something like that.”Everything’s feeling soft and hazy enough for Isak to start  maybe believing that Even actually means it, but then, Elias calls out to Even from across the kitchen. His eyebrows shoot up as soon as he realizes who Even’s been talking to, how close they’ve been standing, and Even jerks back so quickly that he almost spills his beer. The disappointment weighs down Isak’s bones, heavy enough to make him sink through the floor. He shouldn’t have let himself hope, not even for a second.Even punches him lightly on the shoulder and says, “I’ll see you later, okay?”Right. Later, because for some reason Even can’t leave this alone. Isak starts looking up the next-nearest KB from Nissen, because everything about Even is a bad idea.
“Please, sir,” Steve said, not ashamed he was close to getting on his knees and begging. “I’ll have the money by Friday. That’s when my paycheck comes in.” 

“I’ve given you long enough. Your rent has been overdue for weeks.” His landlord didn’t move from behind his desk. He didn’t look any bit apologetic to be kicking Steve out of his apartment. He’d come back from picking his son up from school and saw that there was an eviction notice taped to the door and the locks were changed. 

“I had the money, but my son had to got to the hospital with an asthma attack. I had to use all the money money set aside for rent for his medical bills instead.”

“I don’t want to hear your sob story.” 

Steve sighed, clenching his jaw. He took a moment to calm himself before answering. This man didn’t want to hear his ‘sob story’ becuase he hadn’t been there the night Peter’s lungs decided they didn’t want to work. He didn’t see his lips turning blue or hear his pained wheezes as he struggled to breathe. He didn’t know what it was like to almost lose his child. “Fine. Can I at least go up and get my stuff?” 

“Not yours anymore.” 

Steve shook his head. He didn’t have much, but everything he did have was in that apartment. 

Everything. 

“Please just let us up one last time. We’ll be done within the hour.” He knew if he got a lawyer he could fight this, but if he had the money and time for all of that, he wouldn’t be getting kicked out of this dump in the first place. 

“Or you can leave now.” 

Steve wrung the baseball cap he was squeezing in his hands. “Sir, please. At least let me up to get my son’s stuffed animal. It’s his favorite. He’s only 4 and he won’t understand why he can’t have it back.”

Shrugging his shoulders, the man said, “Then his daddy should do a better job at taking care of him.”

Steve really couldn’t argue that. He didn’t have a good job that paid enough to support him and his son. What kind of father struggled just to put a plate of pasta in front of his child? “I know. I know. Just-- please. His inhaler is in his room too and he needs that-- I don’t have another. Please.” 

Either the man did have a heart and didn’t want a child to die without his inhaler or he realized Steve was stubborn enough to stay here and argue all day. “Fine,” he snapped. “You’ve got a half hour. Whatever you can carry down in one go, you can keep.”

Steve sighed in relief. “Thank you. Thank you so much.”

“Yeah, yeah,” he said, tossing the new set of keys on the desk. “Your clock is ticking. Go.” 

Steve nodded his head as he grabbed the keys and hurried out of the office. He grabbed Peter’s hand from where he was sitting on the ground just outside the door. “Come on, buddy.” 

Peter ran next to him, doing his best to keep up with Steve’s big strides. When they got to the stairs, Steve leaned down and scooped him up in his arms. Peter laughed and grabbed onto his shirt. “What’re we doing, Papa? Why’re you running?”

Peter didn’t know how screwed they were. He didn’t know they didn’t have a buck to their names. Even if he did, he wouldn’t understand what being broke meant. And Steve didn’t want him to worry about a thing. “We’re playing a game.” 

Peter kicked his feet excitedly with a giggle. Despite the situation they were in, Steve couldn’t help but smile at that sound. “Okay!” Steve was grateful that even through all of this shit, Peter could still be a kid. 

He ran them to their apartment and stuck the new key into the lock. He dropped Peter to his feet carefully, looking around the apartment. It wasn’t much, but it was home. It was where he brought Peter home, where Peter first talked and learned to crawl and then walk. It was where he grew up. And now they were losing it. 

And there was no way he could carry everything, but he was going to get everything he could. 

He turned to Peter and said, “Alright, next part of the game. Go to your room and pack up a backpack full of your favorite toys, okay?”

Peter frowned, tilting his head. “Why?” 

“We have to leave here. And...what we leave behind, we’re not gonna get back. So make sure you take what you want. I’m going to pack our food and clothes. You worry about your toys.” Steve could see Peter getting upset, so he tried to calm him down. “We’re okay. We’re just going on an adventure.” 

“But...but I like home.” 

Steve didn’t have time to argue this and he tried to remain as patient as he could. “I know, Pete, but we’re going to find a better place. I promise you. Right after our adventure.”

“A fun adventure?”

Steve smiled smally. “I hope.” 

That seemed to get Peter to run to his room and get to work. While Peter worried about his toys, Steve hurried to take care of the stuff they needed to survive. He went to their closet and pulled out two suitcases and a backpack. 

The first thing he went to get was the box in his room. It was a wooden box made by Peter in school last year. It was a bright blue and in red paint he wrote: 

I love you Papa! 

Steve used it to keep valuables safe. He had a small wad of bills tucked in there for an emergency and his mother’s rosary beads. He wanted to keep the box but wasn’t sure if he’d have room for it. He hated the idea of leaving something like that that Peter had made for him here. He brought it to the living room anyway. 

Along with that, he grabbed a few pieces of his clothing to stuff in the suitcase: jeans, long sleeved shirts and a few t-shirts. He hurried into Peter’s room to go check in on him and get some clothes of his. 

When he stepped inside, he saw that Peter was just zipping up his backpack. He looked around and saw what little toys he had still thrown around the room. It broke Steve’s heart that they were going to have to leave all of it behind. No kid should have to pick which toys he had to leave behind forever. 

“Did you pack it up full of toys, Pete?” He asked, trying to keep a smile on his face for his sake. 

“All done,” Peter said, hugging his backpack close to his chest. 

“Alright, Pete, I won’t take it away from you. Don’t worry.” Steve went to his dresser and started pulling out sweatshirts and heavy pants for him. It was almost December and the weather was getting cold outside. “Pete, do me a favor and pull on another layer of clothes.”

Peter frowned. “But, Papa, I’m already dressed.”

“I know. But more. I want you to stay warm. So sweatpants over those jeans, long shirt over your t-shirt, and then a sweatshirt over that one. Double and triple up on socks too please.” 

Peter gave him a weird look and didn't immediately go to get dressed. 

“Peter, get dressed. Now,” Steve said, using his father voice to get Peter to listen. They were almost out of time. Peter didn’t argue and started to pull through the clothes Steve had left behind. “Once you’ve got as many layers as you can, come out to the living room.” 

Steve dropped the pile of clothes he had on Peter’s into the awaiting suitcase. He tucked the box in there too and zipped it up. In the other suitcase, he started to fill it with food that would stay. They didn’t have much of that, but it was enough to keep them fed for a few days at least. He threw in some water bottles too. Then he ran to the bathroom and gathered soap, deodorant, toothpaste and their brushes and other hygienic things they’d need. 

When he only had the one backpack left to fill, he wanted to be selfish. He wanted to go into his room and grab his art books, his pencils, his pastels...he wanted to grab it all and fill his backpack like Peter stuffed his with toys. But he couldn’t. 

Instead, he grabbed Peter’s inhaler, the folder of important documents like birth certificates they’d need, a blanket, and some winter hats and gloves. He did grab a photo album of pictures he’d collected through the year since Peter was born even though that wasn’t a necessity. But Steve wanted it anyway. 

Once it was all packed up, Steve let out a loud breath and looked around the living room. There was still so much left he wanted to bring. He wanted to bring it all. But he couldn’t. So he refused to look around and see what he’d leave behind. He had Peter. Peter was all he needed. 

“Peter!” He called as he walked into his own room to grab extra layers of sweatshirts. “You done?”

“Coming, Papa!” He heard him say from his room before he heard his feet pattering across the hallway floor. Steve finished pulling on the three sweatshirts he could manage and went to the hallway where he saw Peter waddling towards the living room. Steve couldn’t help but laugh. “You really took me seriously when I said to put as many clothes on as you could, huh?” 

Peter turned around and smiled up at him. “I did good?”

Steve kneeled in front of him and helped him zip up his winter coat he pulled over all of his other sweatshirts. “You did perfect, buddy. You ready to go?” 
“Wait!” Peter shouted, his eyes widening. “I gotta get Ellie!” He ran back into his room and came back out a minute later, hugging his stuffed elephant to his chest. 
Steve smiled softly and ruffled his hair. “You have everything you want? We can’t come back.”

Peter nodded his head without a second of hesitation. “Yup. Got it all in my packpack.”

The mispronunciation of how Peter said backpack just made Steve even more aware of how young his baby was and how he should never be going through this. All because Steve couldn’t be the father Peter needed. 

“We gotta go now,” he said in a low voice. Peter smiled, unknowing to the hell they were about to go through. Steve grabbed his hand and led him to the living room. 

He gasped at the sight of the of all the bags. “We really are going on an adventure!”

“We sure are, bear. We’ve each got a backpack and suitcase. Can you pull the big blue one?” That was the one that weighed less, so hopefully Peter would be able to pull it. If not, Steve could grab both. 

Peter was happy to run over and lift the suitcase up and start pulling it. With a little effort and several grunts, he was able to tug it behind him. 

Steve went by his side, pulling the backpack on his back and then the suitcase. He looked down at Peter and pointedly refused to look anywhere in the apartment at the stuff left behind. He focused on Peter. “Ready, little man?” 

Peter smiled up at him and Steve thought that as long as he had that adorably happy face looking back up at him, everything would be okay. 
1.Starfleet Academy’s spaceport is crowded and noisy; its terminals are packed with cadets, officers, and travelers, all bustling toward their destinations.Spock makes sure that he’s shielding as he carefully navigates the crowds and tries to avoid being touched or bumped into. His newest responsibility as a commander requires him to travel at least once a week to collaborate on a project, but the spaceport is never a pleasant experience for him.Captain Pike has advised him to try waiting for his transport in a quiet coffeehouse as an alternative to the busier sections of the terminal. He explained that this particular coffee shop didn’t attract many travelers because of its vintage theme; instead of using replicators, a barista would actually make drinks from scratch.Spock follows Pike’s directions until he’s standing outside a quaint but cozy coffee shop. The doors are propped open and the inviting smell of coffee greets him. He steps inside and does a quick survey of his surroundings. There are only a few tables and one of them is occupied by two humans. A blond barista – James his nametag says – is tapping away on a PADD behind the register. He looks up when he hears Spock approach, a friendly smirk pulling at his mouth.“If you tell me I have pretty eyes, I'm going to spit in your coffee,” he says.Spock blinks a few times in confusion – human jokes are not one of his strong suits. “I beg your pardon?”“You have no idea how many times I hear that in a day,” he continues. “What I’d give for a simple hello instead of being hit on…”“Hello,” Spock deadpans awkwardly.The barista laughs, the corners of his eyes scrunching. “Hi,” he replies cheekily. He sets down his PADD and leans over the counter. “How are you today, Commander Spock?”Spock raises an eyebrow inquisitively. “I am unaware that you and I are acquainted.”“Not quite, but there’s only one Vulcan in Starfleet and here you are. Simple deductive reasoning.”“I see,” Spock says. “In any case, I am satisfactory, thank you.” Spock takes a quick glance down at the PADD and sees that he’s working on a homework assignment for a physics class. “Which track are you pursuing, Cadet…?”“Kirk,” he answers. “I’m in command; and please, Cadet Kirk makes me feel like I’m in class or in trouble. First name basis in here, okay?”“As you wish, James.”"So what can I get you, Spock?"Spock quickly scans the menu. “I am unfamiliar with this establishment and its offerings. Perhaps you may suggest something?”“Of course. First things first: coffee or tea?”“Tea.”“All right. What kind?”“I do not suppose you have any varieties of Vulcan tea, do you?”“No, but don’t worry. I can make you something similar. Just remind me what Vulcan tea tastes like.”“Vulcan tea is reminiscent of the planet herself,” Spock begins.“Earthy,” Kirk suggests. “Warm and dry, and a little spicy too. Right?”“You are correct,” Spock says, surprised.“I'll have that ready for you in just a bit, okay? Pick a table and I’ll bring it to you.”Spock takes a seat and sets his travel bag down. Within a few minutes, Kirk is finished and comes over to Spock’s table.“Here you go, an almost-Vulcan-tea. Just for you.”A ceramic mug is set down on the table in front of him. It features a graphic of a Starfleet ship and a human male posing in uniform, the words you can be my spaceman printed above it.“Thank you.”Kirk casually plops down in the seat across from him. “So, where’s your transport headed?”Spock takes a moment to recover from the shock of Kirk inviting himself to his table. “Riverside shipyard in Iowa.”Kirk flinches slightly. “What for?”“I have been appointed to oversee the construction of the science laboratories on the starship Enterprise. Upon her completion, I am slated to hold the position of Chief Science Officer.”“Wow, that's awesome.” Kirk says. “I um – I grew up in Riverside, actually.” He waits for the inevitable so you're George Kirk's boy but it never comes, much to his surprise and relief.“Interesting. I am fascinated at the prospect of travelling to another Earth city,” Spock says. “I have not had the opportunity to visit many.”Kirk snorts. “Don’t get too excited, there’s not much to do in Riverside. How long do you have to stay there?”“My visits will occur weekly and each one is estimated to be one to two days in duration.” Spock then reaches for his mug, blowing lightly on the tea before taking a sip.“What do you think?” Kirk asks.“I find it enjoyable. I am impressed that you were able to create it with limited resources.”“Good, I’m happy you like it.”Their conversation continues effortlessly until Spock informs Kirk that his transport will be leaving soon. Kirk walks him out to the coffee shop’s entrance and they exchange goodbyes.“It was really nice talking to you, Spock.”“Likewise.”“You know, you should come say hi to me when you get back. I’ll make your tea for you again,” Kirk suggests.“I would be amenable to that,” Spock agrees.“Great, I’ll see you then!” 2.“Hey Spock!” Kirk greets. He puts down the Christmas decorations he was in the process of hanging behind the counter and reaches for the you can be my spaceman mug. “How was your trip?”“Acceptable. I am not particularly fond of the harsh winter in Riverside; therefore I am content to return.”“Your usual?” Kirk asks.Spock has faithfully visited the coffeehouse for the last five weeks, before and after each of his transports to Iowa. Every time, Kirk sits with him and they talk until it’s time for Spock to leave.“Please,” Spock says, taking a seat.Kirk shoots him a wink and begins to fill the mug with hot water. “So it's almost Christmas.”“Yes, the Terran holiday. Do you participate in the celebrations?”Kirk shrugs, carefully spooning the correct amounts of each of the loose teas into a steeper. “Not really. Christmas wasn't exactly the happy occasion it's made out to be for my family. My mom was always depressed around the holidays – they made her think of my dad. So we just treated it like any other day,” he explains, comfortable with sharing his family history with Spock. “I'm guessing Christmas wasn't all that special for you either, right?”“My mother would partake in some of the customs when I was a child.” Spock says. “Since moving to Earth, I have not observed the holiday on my own. However, my mother insists on sending me a Christmas care package, as she calls it.”“That's really nice.”They maintain a comfortable silence while Kirk finishes up with the tea. He sneaks occasional glances at Spock, who waits patiently at his table, his hands folded in his lap. Unlike most of the coffeehouse’s patrons, Spock seems content to sit quietly without being preoccupied with his communicator.He brings the tea over to Spock and sets it down on the table.“Thank you.”Kirk nods. He wipes his hands on his apron, still studying Spock. “You're lonely,” he observes.“Pardon me?”“You never comm anyone while you're here. There isn't anyone that drops you off or says goodbye to you. And there’s no one waiting for you at home, because you wouldn’t come to hang out with me every time you fly back in.”Spock regards him for a few moments, his face neutral, before he looks down at his drink and speaks quietly. “I find that, despite several years on Earth and my partial Human heritage, I still experience a large disconnect to humans; it is difficult for me to relate to them. I am often...envious of the cadets in my classes; it seems that making friends is of no challenge to them.”Kirk sits down across from him. “I’m your friend.”Spock looks at him, surprised and slightly doubtful.“Seriously. You can always talk to me, I’m here for you.” Kirk’s eyes are sincere.“Thank you, James. I am…grateful for you.”Kirk smiles brightly at him. "Yeah, I like you too." 3. “Morning, spaceman,” Kirk greets. In addition to his Christmas apron, he’s also wearing a light-up antler headband.Spock looks at the light-up antlers in amusement. “You are attempting to be a member of the Rangifer tarandus species?”“Admit it, Spock. I’m the cutest reindeer ever.”“I must gather data on other reindeer before I am able to provide you with an unbiased conclusion,” Spock says.Kirk barks out a laugh. He’s grown accustomed to Spock’s odd science humor over the last month and finds it endearing. He’s about to reach for the spaceman mug where it sits on a shelf with other mugs, when Spock interrupts him.“If it is not too much trouble, may I request that my tea is placed in a portable cup? My transport is scheduled to leave ahead of time in order to avoid the snowstorm developing over the mountains.”“Yeah, of course.” He grabs a plain paper cup instead.Spock watches him move about, gathering the items he needs to make tea. He notices dark circles beneath Kirk’s usually vibrant eyes. He is aware that they are a symptom of exhaustion in humans. “How are you, James?” he asks, concerned.“Honestly, I’m tired,” Kirk answers. “I had to start studying for finals already, and I’m not getting enough sleep between work, classes, and studying."“You are a highly capable student. I am confident you will perform well on your examinations. However, if you need assistance with any of the material, I am available and willing to help.""Thanks, Spock. You're the best."After swiping Spock’s credit chit, Kirk hands him his tea. “I’ll see you soon, okay?”Kirk is smiling at him warmly and for the first time, Spock associates the word beautiful with a human."Affirmative. I will see you upon my return."Spock takes his cup and leaves. He waits for the tea to cool slightly, and doesn't actually look at the cup until he's waiting in line to board the transport. He sees a doodle of planets and starships, his name drawn in Kirk's messy scrawl along with have a safe trip, hope to see you soon. stay warm!After finishing his tea, Spock cannot find it in him to throw the cup away, so he carefully places it into his bag for safekeeping. 4.When Spock arrives at the coffee shop, he is not surprised to see a line of customers waiting to order. A Federation ship has just docked for repair, and another has arrived for shore leave. The spaceport is even more crowded and some of the travelers seem restless and impatient.From his place in the line, he briefly glances ahead and sees Kirk working much faster than usual, trying to keep up with the additional customers. While waiting, Spock checks his communicator and also mentally reviews his schedule and the tasks he must complete once he arrives at the shipyard.A rude voice suddenly cuts through his thoughts. "I said iced, not hot, you dumbshit.”Spock looks up and surveys the scene at the front of the line, where a human customer is glaring at Kirk.Kirk flushes red. “I’m so sorry.” He makes a quick grab for the cup and in his embarrassment, he knocks it over and coffee splatters all over the countertop.“Great. Now I’m going to miss my transport because you’re so fucking clueless.”Spock is already walking to the front of the line purposefully before his mind catches up with his actions. He prides himself on being controlled and non-confrontational, but he finds this human’s behavior with Kirk unacceptable. He sees the look of recognition on Kirk’s mortified face when he approaches the customer.“Excuse me,” he says sternly. “Your derogatory comments toward this employee are uncalled for.”“I don’t know who you think you are, off-worlder,” he sneers. “But I suggest you piss off and mind your own business. This is between me and this little shit here.”“And I suggest you desist your actions, as you are speaking to a Starfleet commanding officer,” Spock continues, using his most intimidating voice. “I am prepared to remove you from the premises should you continue harassing him.”The human mutters another slur at Kirk before turning to leave, giving Spock a rough, deliberate shove as he brushes past him.Kirk's supervisor, a petite Orion woman, is now at the counter. She rests a comforting hand on his back and tells him to take a break for a few minutes while she sorts out the line and cleans up the mess on the counter. He comes out from behind the counter and makes a beeline for Spock. “Will you come sit with me for a minute?” he asks, wiping at his eyes.“Yes, certainly,” Spock says. He follows him out of the coffee shop and they take a seat on a bench in the terminal.“Thanks, for what you did back there,” Kirk says.“You are welcome. It is unsettling that one would speak to you in such a manner,” Spock says. He watches in concern as Kirk brushes away a few stray tears. “I regret that he has caused your sadness.”“Oh, I’m used to getting the occasional rude customer. I’m just having a really shitty day.”“May I ask what else is upsetting you?”Kirk sniffles before answering in a small voice. “He cheated.”Spock tries to decipher the context of his statement, postulating who cheated and what exactly did they cheat at, when he hears Kirk continue.“He just – he said he’s found someone else," he says wryly. "Some guy he met in one of his classes. Said I wasn't around enough, that I’m always studying or at work.”Spock realizes that Kirk is referring to his personal life. “I am sorry.”Kirk nods. “Have you ever been cheated on, Spock?”“No. I have never been in a romantic relationship, therefore the situation is not applicable to me,” he explains.“It hurts. It just makes you second guess everything you did, you know? Like, what did I do wrong? Where did I screw up? What was so wrong with me that he had to go find someone else?” Kirk's voice breaks slightly. “Why wasn’t I enough?”“Despite my lack of experience in this matter, I am certain you are not at fault. One who would disregard you as such is not worthy of your love and attention.”Kirk gives him a small smile. “That's really sweet of you, even if you’re just saying it to make me feel better.”“Vulcans do not lie, James,” he says softly.Kirk scoots closer and rests his head against Spock's shoulder. He gingerly rests a hand on Spock's forearm and sighs. “Thank you for being here for me,” he says. “It means a lot.”Spock can feel Kirk's thoughts pleasantly trickling into his mind, and he doesn't make an attempt to shield. Kirk is broadcasting gratitude and trust, but the pain and heartache he feels are evident as well. Spock can sense something else beneath those, but he is unsure how to classify it.“You are welcome.” He turns his head and his face brushes against Kirk's soft hair, and the feeling he is unable to identify flares stronger. 5.
so i was thinking, once the semester ends, i'd like to do something fun with you - like get dinner together. maybe on christmas eve? let me know. excited that i get to see you soon! 
Spock rereads the comm message from Kirk over and over during his transport back to San Francisco, even though he realizes how illogical it is to do so. As soon as his transport lands, he gathers his things and heads for the coffee shop with a sense of urgency.An Orion woman is wiping down a table, and he recognizes her as Kirk’s supervisor.“Hey!” she greets. “You again. What can I get you?”“Is James working this evening?” he asks.“He was, but he had a short shift today. He's got a bunch of final exams coming up in the next few days so I sent him home early. You just missed him actually.”“Thank you,” Spock says. “I will not take any more of your time.”“Sure, honey. And thanks for stepping in when that asshole was giving him a hard time last week.”“Yes. I could not allow James to be treated as such.”The Orion tilts her head and smiles at Spock. “Well, I’ll be damned.”“I’m sorry?”“Nothing,” she grins. “Have a good night, Commander.”Spock heads for the shuttle terminals, slightly confused at the Orion’s behavior. He also feels more disappointed than he anticipated at not being able to spend time with Kirk.He boards the small shuttle that will take him back to graduate and faculty housing and selects a window seat. The shuttle speeds off and Spock enjoys the view of the Academy’s campus lit up at night, accented with holiday decorations. He contemplates whether he should send a comm to Kirk and inform him that he has returned and inquire about their dinner plans.The shuttle slows to a halt at one of its scheduled stops, and a few passengers stand to disembark. Spock looks out the window and notices a familiar figure on the sidewalk.Kirk is walking toward student housing. He’s shaking from the cold and he tries to pull his worn, thin sweater tighter around himself. He cups his hands over his mouth and blows into them.Spock attempts to understand why Kirk would choose to walk home in such harsh weather conditions, and the answer quickly comes to him in dismay. He knows that rarely any cadets have an extracurricular job because Starfleet Academy’s coursework is so demanding. This, and the fact that Kirk doesn't seem to own a proper coat for the weather, leads Spock to hypothesize that Kirk can't afford to take the shuttle home.He puts his hand against the window, as if trying to touch Kirk, as if he could pull him out of the cold and into the climate controlled shuttle.The shuttle doors close and it begins to speed away. Spock helplessly watches Kirk shrink in the distance. +1.Once the transport reaches cruising altitude, Spock pulls out his PADD from his bag and switches it on. He decides to write his report detailing the events of his most recent visit to Riverside during the flight back to San Francisco.He opens his seat tray to use as a work surface, and a small piece of paper falls out. He picks up the folded square and opens it. A few words in Standard are handwritten on Christmas themed stationery.if you were waiting for a sign… this is it. do it. it will be amazing.Spock contemplates the message, turning the paper over in his hands. He thinks of Kirk and the illogical thrill he feels whenever he sees him, the ease with which they interact, the intellectual conversations they share. He closes his word processor app and opens his extranet browser.In the search bar, he types human relationships for beginners.Once he arrives at the spaceport, Spock heads for the coffee shop – only to discover that it has already closed for the evening. He heads for the shuttles that will take him home and is surprised when he sees Kirk waiting outside at the terminal. He’s swiping his credit chit at one of the kiosks that issues shuttle passes, and he makes a frustrated face when the device makes a buzzing sound. He looks cold, dressed in the same thin sweater.Spock considers the note he found on the transport. He sets his bag down, takes out an extra coat and scarf and walks outside. Kirk is trying his credit chit once more, and slams his fist onto the console when it denies him again.“James,” he says.Kirk turns quickly in surprise. “Oh – hey, Spock,” he says sheepishly. “How are you?”Spock wordlessly drapes the coat over Kirk’s shoulders and loops the scarf around his neck.“Spock, what are you – mmph!”Spock presses his mouth to Kirk’s fleetingly, hoping that he’s done it correctly, the way he studied in the instructional lecture on human courtship he watched during his transport.“Finally,” Kirk laughs, his breath visible in the cold night before his expression turns serious. “Come here,” he says softly. He frames Spock’s face with his hands and pulls him down, fitting their lips together. He leads Spock through a breathtaking kiss, exploring his mouth thoroughly but gently. When he reluctantly pulls away, he notices that the tips of Spock’s ears and his cheeks are tinged green.Kirk thinks it’s the most adorable thing he’s ever seen.He pulls the coat on properly, putting his arms through the sleeves and buttoning it up. “Thank you so much,” he says, looping his arms around Spock’s neck. “This is seriously the kindest thing anyone has done for me.”Spock tentatively rests his hands on Kirk’s waist. “I do not wish for you to walk to your residence in this weather. I insist that you accompany me on the shuttle to faculty housing. From there, I can arrange transportation to your dorm.”“And what if I wanted to stay with you?”“It is inappropriate for a cadet to share lodging with a commanding officer. However, I find that I am not averse to the idea as I should be.”“Good,” Kirk says. “I really like you, Spock. You're smart, funny, and sexy. You have no idea, but my day gets about a hundred times better the moment you walk into the coffee shop.”Spock feels his face heating up again – no one has ever complimented him like this. “I feel the same for you.”Kirk pulls Spock’s hands into his, brushing their fingers together. “So,” he says playfully, leaning forward so their noses touch. “Are you going to be my spaceman?”Spock gives him a rare smile. “Only if you allow me to compliment your aesthetically pleasing eyes.”Kirk laughs and kisses him once more. “We’re going to be so perfect together.”“I’ll be honest,” Sokka shrugs, “I kinda assumed you were dead.”“Yeah,” agrees Toph. “We totally thought you kicked the bucket, Sparky.”Zuko gapes at them. “I—I’m not.”“Clearly,” says Katara. And—wait. Let’s back up.  “Uncle!” A boy currently called Lee shouted on his way back from table three, laden with a tray and a pot, anticipating at least two more customers coming in the door any moment and aware that table five needed a wipe-down before that happened. “We need more lychee!”The Jasmine Dragon was beautiful. Its offerings were second-to-none, which every citizen of Ba Sing Se to cross its threshold since their recent grand opening heartily agreed upon. Its staff were also top-notch—though customers who knew the shop’s proprietor from his days in the Lower Ring (of which there were few but more than none, as there is nothing that sees the mighty brought low and the lowly rise above their station quite so much as the promise of a good cup of tea) were impressed by the way dear Mushi’s nephew had really stepped up in recent weeks.Young Lee was a frequent topic of conversation among the Jasmine Dragon’s regulars. He was memorable for many reasons: attentive service, striking eyes, and the fact that he was one of two employees, for a start. His looks didn’t hurt, either, though this far outside the Lower Ring he served as a physical manifestation of the entire city’s shared elephant-rhino in the room.(It was a shame, a gaggle of grey-haired women with empty nests and little else to do sighed, that there was nothing to be done about his face. He could have been so handsome.)This rush in the mid-afternoon was nothing compared to the morning shifts. University students in particular lined up around the block to treat themselves to a cup of hot tea kicking off a day or marking the blessed end of an all-nighter. More than one exhausted student had received a free cup of tea and a healthy dose of gentle advice from Mushi after stumbling, bleary-eyed, into his presence.Lee was less likely to give either—advice or free tea—but he was a good listener.“And then I found out he told Tou that Hei-Lin helped me unlock the door, so it was a moot point anyway.” The girl blew her own bangs out of her eyes crankily and set her chin in one hand. “I just don’t know what to do.”“Mhm,” Lee hummed quietly as he wiped down the table.The rush of customers had slowed to a trickle, leaving Pang an empty corner of the shop and Lee’s ears—or ear, maybe, but she thought it would be rude to ask if he could hear out of the left one; he tended to keep her on his right side anyway—hers to use.“I guess it’s a pretty big jump to end a friendship over one prank and one zebra-cow,” Pang added.“Yeah,” Lee agreed in his gentle, creaking voice. The table was long since clean; he began to stack empty cups one table over.“But! What about… what about loyalty? You know? If you ask a friend to keep a secret, does it matter what it’s about? If you’ll betray me over a zebra-cow in the planetarium, you’ll betray me over something else in the future.”“Hm.” Lee sounded thoughtful.“I guess…” Pang sighed, “it was a stupid move. Friends aren’t friends if they just enable you. Sometimes they have to remind you to keep your head on straight. You’re right. I should apologize to Tou.”Lee didn’t quite smile. Pang didn’t know if she’d ever seen him smile. The side of his mouth twitched, though, and he nodded slightly. He carried away the tray of stacked cups. Pang followed to pay her bill, noting the uneven ends of the boy’s shaggy hair, which tickled his collar and bunched behind his ears like he’d never had a proper haircut. You can take the boy out of the refugee camp, Pang supposed.Lee’s smiling uncle greeted her warmly at the counter.“And how are you this lovely afternoon?” Mushi asked.“Much better.” Pang returned his smile.“I’m happy to hear it. It isn’t every day we get to help a refugee of our own!” Mushi laughed at his own joke.“University security will catch up sooner or later,” Pang shrugged ruefully. “Thanks again for letting me hide in the kitchen, though. I promise I won’t make a habit of it.”“Any time! I’m certain my nephew enjoyed the company.” Mushi shot a sly smile through the window into the back room, where Lee was methodically cleaning teacups.“Thank you as well, Lee! You were a big help today.”As Pang made her way back into the streets of Ba Sing Se, she could have sworn she heard a grumble in a familiar voice behind her. She was too far away to make it out exactly, but it might have sounded a lot like, Don’t say anything, Uncle.She also missed the answering chuckle, but it was there nonetheless.  Zuko swept the marble steps of the Jasmine Dragon in the orange light of sunset. He could feel its last rays disappear even with his back to the doorway. The fire in him cooled with the oncoming night: a natural cycle like flickering candles, like steady breathing. A week before, this daily ebb and flow of power served as a reminder that he was not what this city thought he was. He was something else; he was more.Now, it was simply another sensation. It meant nothing more or less than what it was—same as the wind on his face, the sound of rushing water beneath the footbridge he crossed in the lilac-colored evening, the pebble that rattled in his shoe on the walk back to his and Uncle’s apartment.“May I help with dinner, Uncle?” Zuko offered. Uncle smiled, nodded, and passed Zuko a cutting board and an onion.It had been a long time since the luxury of fresh vegetables was so easy to indulge in with such frequency. Even on the ship, they stocked provisions for months at a time and from Earth Kingdom ports. In the Fire Nation, the war produced abundance; elsewhere, scarcity.There was no war in Ba Sing Se.There were, however, fresh onions.  “Table for two, please.”Bustle of orders, faces, steaming cups. The rhythm falls heavy. It goes light, then heavy again. Footsteps around chairs, pulled out with no warning, arms where arms should not be and hot, hot tea ready to scald. It is lucky that Zuko is light on his feet.“Could I get a napkin?”Messes made by other people are a new source of suffering. Tablecloths start out white. They end the day otherwise. He crouches to mop up cold tea. Feet in his face—not new. Not here. Not elsewhere. Zuko may go to the ground, but he never kneels.“Could I get a refill?”Tea is endless. Steam wafts up, becomes clouds, becomes rain, becomes river. The well here is trustworthy, but tea has to boil. It boiled as well in the forest and the tenement as it does here. Zuko still cannot tell the difference.“Could I get your name?”Lies make the legs unsteady, leave a lingering look, and come out laconic. Memory is a knife. Truth is a pursuant danger. Faces come and go without words to signify. Words put three into one: lies, memory, truth. Zuko’s face does the job well enough on its own.“I ordered ginseng, not jasmine.”There is honor in humility. There is humility in service. There is service in standing silent while a man spits rudeness through his teeth. What service—that’s the question. Men dare make demands of their lessers. Men dare make lessers of one another. Zuko was one such man, once, which is when time cracks—Time cracked.So did Uncle’s favorite ceramic teapot, the one with the lotus pattern around its belly. The flame beneath flared hot enough to shatter porcelain; a flower cracked in two. Zuko knew enough about tea to feel the shame of ruining something beautiful—more than the pot. The heat surely scalded the leaves inside beyond salvaging.Uncle’s eyes were not angry. Uncle’s eyes were never angry these days, and that had always been the worst part. The worry in them did nothing to stop the shame.Shame was colder than anger, at least. Zuko breathed in. He fell heavily back into the rhythm.  Deep beneath Ba Sing Se, a plan fell into place. A battle was lost; a battle was won. For the first time in the history of the Earth Kingdom, lightning struck underground.  Zuko saw the smoke first.He had his own room in the Upper Ring apartment. Gratitude was a sweeter taste than he had known in years, so he sat with it daily: a new color to his meditation. Still, it wasn’t often he spent evenings alone anymore. Uncle’s quiet humming soothed him, a fact which he had steadfastly refused to admit for too long.It was hard for Zuko to remember why he had wanted to deny that Uncle made him feel safe, feel whole, feel worthy. All of it felt so distant these days. A story that belonged to him, yes, but one that had happened when he was a different person. It had little to do with who he was now.This evening, he wanted solitude. If Uncle had poked his head into Zuko’s room and invited him for a walk, he would have said yes; it was not the solitude of exile anymore. He was not burning away inside his own body. He was calm. He was still.He looked out the window. “Uncle!”Iroh had not heard his nephew sound so afraid since Azula struck him down in the ghost town far beyond the city. He had not heard Zuko sound so young since the bandages across his eye were fresh. Iroh’s body filled with the cold anticipation of lightning before he even turned around, ready for what would come.He took in the state of his nephew with one eye a general’s eye—the other, a father’s.Zuko was on his feet; that was better than it could have been, though he’d seen the young man many times stubbornly fight through injuries that he oughtn’t have tried to. He was not bleeding; this, another sign for the optimist in Iroh, though he knew well that many of the worst wounds left no mark on the skin. His face was a mask of something beyond terror—pure panic. That was, perhaps, worse than if harm had shown itself in any of the other ways.“Zuko.” Iroh dropped the hand shears he had been using to prune his bonzai. He crossed the room to set gentle palms on Zuko’s shoulders. He could feel his nephew trembling. “What happened?”Zuko’s mouth twisted in pain. He opened it, but a sound through the open window spoke first.Wailing. The crash of stone. The crash of metal.Iroh smelled smoke.An old, reflexive selfishness whispered that this was wrong, only because if Ba Sing Se were to fall, it should have fallen to him. Iroh smothered it like a wayward flame. This was now his city, his home, his future of peace and prosperity. It was where life happened. More importantly, it held all the remaining family he himself cared to hold. The city walls were his own arms: Zuko within them, finally allowing himself the chance to stay.And now the Fire Nation had broken through—had hurt his nephew, even though they had not found him.Iroh was not one to panic.“Breathe,” he reminded the boy shaking apart before him.Zuko breathed, and Iroh breathed with him. He recognized the rhythms; lessons repeated often enough become habit to the body. It took minutes of slow breaths to calm Zuko enough that he could speak.His eyes opened—asymmetrical, which had not always been the case, and serious, which had—and his chin tilted in decisive resignation.“Burn my face,” Zuko said.
“What?”
“The other half of my face. You have to burn it.”“Zuko—” Iroh’s worry turned heavy and metallic. He had a strong stomach, in every sense, but the thought of his nephew’s face burned raw again—by another man he trusted, by him—was more than enough to send it roiling.“I’m not exactly hard to recognize, Uncle,” Zuko spat. He was forgetting his breathing again, Iroh could feel it. “The Fire Nation is here. You think they won’t notice the traitor prince just because he’s wearing an apron and serving them tea?”“I think you need to keep breathing. Sit down, let me make you something hot to drink.”“Tea isn’t the solution to everything!” Zuko batted Iroh’s hands off of him and backed away like a frightened, cornered animal. “We thought this city was safe. That’s made us careless. The whole Upper Ring knows what we look like now, and there’s nowhere to run. Don’t you understand, Uncle? You laid siege to it yourself! You know that conquering Ba Sing Se means the Earth Kingdom is as good as beaten. The only thing left to do is hide, and I can’t do that looking like this!”Zuko gestured violently to his scar. Iroh did not know if his nephew had always responded to fear with anger—before Lu Ten’s death, before the banishment, Iroh had loved Zuko, but he had not known him. Not the way he did now.Now, Zuko bared his teeth against anything sharp enough to cut him. It was reflexive; whether born or bred did not matter.“It is a foolish wolf-lion that gnaws off its own leg before testing the trap,” Iroh said slowly, palms out.“This isn’t the time for a proverb.”“Zuko.” Iroh closed his eyes. The shape of Zuko hovered behind his eyelids, blurry and red. “I understand you are afraid, but this will not give you the peace of mind you think it will.”“Please, Uncle.” Zuko’s voice broke. Something in Iroh broke with it.“No.”“Then—then I’ll—”The quiet crackle of flame reached Iroh’s ears. He opened his eyes to see Zuko’s face lit orange from below, palm cupped around a fire the size of his fist. He looked thin; he looked afraid; he almost looked sick.The flame went out in a final puff of light when Iroh grabbed Zuko by the wrist. Firmly, gently, he pulled his nephew into an embrace.“Listen to me,” Iroh said. “I will do whatever is in my power to keep you safe. I will leave this city. I will take us into the desert. I will kneel at my brother’s feet and accept the price of treason before I use fire to harm you.”“But how—”“We will figure it out. You have never given up before, and I know this will not be what breaks you. You are stronger than any man I have ever known, my nephew.”Zuko’s stiff posture softened slowly, laboriously.“I would be strong enough to handle the pain,” Zuko muttered. There was less heat behind it.“But you should not have to. Not everything that can be endured must.” Iroh pulled away to look him in the eye. Zuko would not meet his gaze; his eyes shone wetly. “And what must be endured should be done with grace, not desperation.”“What are we going to do?” The question was not a challenge, as his others had been. It was a plea.“Right now,” Iroh breathed in through his nose, out through his mouth. He imagined the smell of blossoms was stronger than the smell of burning. “We mourn. A great loss has been felt today. Tomorrow, we will face what faces us. We will do it with honor.”  The streets from Jade Park to the Palace Mall were closed to foot- and wagon-traffic. This happened annually for the Earth King’s birthday. It had only been seven months since then—never in living memory had the roads of the Upper Ring had been put to such a purpose as they were today.The military procession passed directly in front of the Jasmine Dragon. Zuko recalled the pride with which the man who gave Uncle the tea shop had explained that it was located along one of the main thoroughfares to the palace, ensuring frequent clientele of the highest caliber. Today, its clientele swarmed over the tea shop the way they swarmed over colonies, over battlements, over the burned lands and bodies of any nation but theirs.The thought left a sour tang behind Zuko’s teeth. He didn’t know if it was an unfamiliar disgust with his countrymen, or a too-familiar disgust with himself for thinking such things.“Lee,” Uncle addressed him loudly, unsubtly, with his false Earth Kingdom name. “I think you should take over brewing today. I won’t be around forever!” He chuckled, but his eyes were hard and serious.Any other day, he would have guided Zuko out of the kitchen and into a stack of waiting trays like a general leading a man to be court-martialed. Today, his fear of Zuko ruining the tea was weaker than his kindness. Zuko could keep his right side turned to the window, his eyes on the boiling pots, and his hands steady as they measured out leaves.His ears were the one thing he couldn’t control. The celebratory voices of Fire Nation soldiers burrowed in like earwig-moths. The nobles honored to attend the appointment of the new governor chatted amicably, clicking teeth and teacups like mandibles.For three years, Zuko had refused to think about the way gossip traveled among the nobility like wildfire—fast, destructive, and aided by military funding.“Two more cups of ginseng!” Uncle called merrily. Zuko heard the door swing open as he reached for the pot.“I’m brewing, I’m brewing,” he muttered.Uncle stood beside him and reached for a pot. It was the white one with a green stripe around the middle, a gift from Zuko the day after he broke the lotus pot.It was oolong, not ginseng.Zuko looked up sharply. Uncle’s face was calm.“If they recognize me,” he said, low enough that Zuko could barely hear him, “go out the window and don’t look back. If they don’t know the Dragon of the West when he’s humbled himself, they won’t know the prince they have not seen in years. The hair makes quite the difference,” he added as if it would make Zuko laugh.Zuko didn’t laugh. He gave a tight nod of acknowledgement.“Oh,” Uncle said back at a normal volume, “how foolish of me, this is oolong! Thank you, nephew.”He took the pot of ginseng from Zuko, poured two cups with the precision of ceremony, and walked back into the ranks of red filling the shop.  In the days following the fall of Ba Sing Se, soldiers and nobles flooded in from the Fire Nation. Most who were not entertained in the former Earth King’s Palace or the re-purposed guard houses chose to give their patronage to businesses that were, to put it colloquially, under new management.The Jasmine Dragon was an exception.It was only an exception for some, of course, but one repeatedly made. The old man who owned the place was properly feudal in his hospitality and made the best tea any of them had tasted since leaving the shores of the Fire Nation (none would admit it was better than anything from the homeland as well, but they knew). His nephew, on the other hand, was trouble.More accurately, he was troubling.The old man (none would admit they had stooped so low as to learn the name of an Earth Kingdom teamaker, let alone granted him the respect his age would have earned had he been their countryman, but they knew) had finally let the boy out of the kitchen, seemingly content he wasn’t about to spit in the faces of their distinguished guests or single-handedly start a rebellion. These guests did not appreciate the way the teamaker’s nephew refused to smile, to speak when spoken to, or to stop making such unnerving eye contact all the time. Some even came close to teaching him a lesson.None actually followed through.In her old regiment, Lieutenant Jiaxin had earned a reputation for having a short fuse. This was, at a minimum, the third most significant reason she had been granted the honor of joining the first wave of infantry on the ground in newly-conquered Ba Sing Se. As a being fueled primarily by rage, she was quick to spy the trait in others. The young waiter’s general demeanor was a slap in the face personified, and she didn’t share his uncle’s faith that he wouldn’t try something very stupid very soon.When the little rat stepped on her foot, she grabbed him by the collar.He barely flinched, so she lit her other hand on fire. The boy’s eyes flicked to the flame. He didn’t stare in horror or fear or even disgust like most displaced Earth Kingdom commoners—and Jiaxin knew he was one, could practically smell the refugee camp on him, no doubt about that. His reaction would have looked like nothing to anyone watching, but Jiaxin saw it and knew the boy knew what he was doing.He met her gaze and turned his face.The scar across his eye, cheek, and ear was ugly. It was old. She got a good view of it in startling contrast to the unblemished half when he faced her almost dead-on, just the slightest tilt that put his left side directly in her line of fire.Go ahead, his tight jaw and tighter eyes said. Strike me again.The wordless accusation in the action fell heavily in Jiaxin’s stomach, stoking her anger but freezing her limbs. She wasn’t the one who had put this mark on a teenager’s face. A child’s, actually, she realized unwillingly when the corner of her mind that remembered kindness did a quick arithmetic: age of the boy minus age of the scar equalled a solution that scorched black like Earth Kingdom farmland. (Neither Jiaxin nor her fellows would admit to feeling guilt over the orders they carried out daily, but they all saw scarred children too often not to know.)She let him go.Not without a shove that sent him stumbling, of course. The half-bend of his spine when he found his balance again would have been perfect for turning the movement into a low, respectful bow. The teamaker’s nephew caught Jiaxin’s eyes, then spun away before straightening, arms still firm by his sides.No one was sure just who had learned the lesson.  On days like today, Zuko could almost imagine the Fire Nation had never brought down the Wall. He could almost imagine a lot of things: that the constant weight of fear would ever go away, that the war really didn’t exist, that his name was Lee and always had been.On days like today, the soldiers and courtiers in red had better things to do than drink in Earth Kingdom tea shops. It might have been coincidence; it might have been mysterious business that required every off-duty guard in the city to be in attendance. Zuko did not know and did not want to find out.He had peace, while it lasted. An afternoon, an hour, the next five minutes—he was going to appreciate that peace and nobody was going to stop him, or else.Alright, fine, the woman sobbing into her tea at table seven wouldn’t face his wrath. Maybe a refill would help her quiet down, though.“Oh,” she said when he poured her fresh tea to the brim. “Thank you, I’m sorry, I’m just—”“It’s okay,” Zuko replied as reassuringly as he could. He didn’t have much practice. “Do you want—”He was going to say an egg custard, which Uncle had just begun ordering in bulk from a baker in the Middle Ring.“Yes! Thank you. It’s so hard with them everywhere. I’m afraid to talk in my own house. It must be worse for you, since those… those—” She looked frustrated at her own inability to think of a word terrible enough for the fighters and first citizens of the Fire Nation. Zuko shifted uncomfortably. “Since you’re so close to the palace.”“We get by.”“That’s all any of us can do these days,” she agreed solemnly, and promptly burst into tears again.“So, uh,” Zuko said after a few seconds, “do you want an egg custard, or?”“It’s good to know people are still kind,” she said thickly through all the fluids coming from her face. “I almost— It sounds stupid when I say it out loud, but I sort of expected all the goodness in the world to go away when the Avatar died.”Several things happened in quick succession.The teapot in Zuko’s hand hit the ground and shattered. Hot tea soaked into his shoes. The woman cried out, apologizing hysterically. The kitchen door slammed open. The wall struck Zuko’s back. The world went fuzzy at the edges.“Young man?” A voice he didn’t recognize and a face he couldn’t focus on swam into his awareness. “Are you alright?”A hand grabbed onto him, a voice made demands of him, and a figure lurched way, way too far into his personal space. Uncle’s sudden appearance with a hand on his wrist was all that stopped Zuko from throwing fire in the stranger’s face.The concerned customer shuffled away from Zuko and out the door, leaving a half-full teacup and a generous tip.“Nephew,” Uncle said calmly, but Zuko was already back upright, leaning over the table. His vision narrowed to the crying woman; nothing else mattered.“The Avatar?” Zuko croaked.“You didn’t know?” The woman sounded aghast. She put one hand over her mouth. The other reached out in sympathy toward Zuko’s face. She flinched before touching him and pulled back. “I’m so sorry. I thought everyone had heard. The soldiers gloat about it so much, I just assumed—”“Perhaps you should go home early today, nephew,” Uncle suggested quietly, laying a hand on Zuko’s shoulder.Zuko shrugged it off.“What happened to him?”“Princess Azula.” She paused. “That’s the Fire Lord’s daughter—”“I know who she is,” Zuko snapped. His knees felt softer than the egg custard he’d offered her. “What did she do to the Avatar?”“She— I wasn’t there, but the papers—the new ones, the propaganda, it all says she struck him with lightning. That even— Even at his most powerful, he wasn’t strong enough to face the Fire Nation.”“His most powerful,” Zuko repeated weakly.“His eyes and tattoos were glowing. They say,” the woman’s voice turned bitter, “that even the Dai Li were frozen in awe, but Princess Azula kept her head. The full might of the Avatar couldn’t faze her. So even if we sit and wait around for a new one, what then? It took a hundred years for him to show up, and the war is as good as lost now—”Her voice faded into white noise like distant running water. Zuko could hear nothing over the erratic pounding in his head: Azula. Lightning. The Avatar. Azula. Eyes glowing. The Avatar. Azula. Lightning. The Avatar. Lightning. Glowing. Lightning. Azula. The Avatar. Azula. The Avatar.There won’t be a new one, Zuko wanted to say. His jaw was locked as if a live current ran through him. He couldn’t grit the words out between his clenched teeth. It was better that way; it wouldn’t do him any favors to try to explain why he knew more about the Avatar than nearly anyone else alive.A vision of the airbender boy at his strongest and most vulnerable, lit up with the legacy of all his past lives, swept over Zuko.The Avatar State. Lightning. Gone.Of course it was Azula. Of course she destroyed Zuko’s one chance at going home again—But did he really still think he had a chance? What had he been doing, pouring tea in the middle of Ba Sing Se, nameless, hiding from the war like a coward and hiding from his sister like he was nine years old again? Where was his honor now? Where was the celebratory homecoming he had once truly believed his father would give him now? They must have been in the same place, if they were anywhere at all—as ever, forever, they lay with the Avatar.The world was fuzzy and soundless, but Zuko was dimly aware of Uncle sending him home. His feet traced the pattern of the streets between tea shop and apartment. The stairs groaned like dying men under his weight.Zuko collapsed onto his bed. At some point, the sun set. The moon did not take its place. Time slipped past him.It was strange, this sudden emptiness that had opened in his chest like a sinkhole. A cold, painful absence rippled all through him like a blow to the solar plexus—it reminded him of the news of Lu Ten’s death. Of the too-bright morning after he saw his mother for the last time. Of watching the last mountain peak of the Fire Nation disappear beyond the horizon, flat as a painting with his left eye packed in gauze.If Zuko were honest, he had stopped believing he could ever regain his honor months ago, after he and Uncle ran from Azula’s ship under cover of those first spring blossoms. He had agonized over the thought, then run from it, then, at some point, started seeing the life he was currently living as more important than the one that had been taken from him. There was peace in that. Contentment, even. Perhaps, eventually, there could have been joy.So what new grief was this?Zuko stared at the ceiling. Confusion bubbled up like anger. He closed his eyes and dove into the mouth of the hollowness, hoping it would tell him its name before it swallowed him whole.Soon, sleep took him too. 
The South Pole.

The snow lies flat around his feet, the land flatter. No one stands guard over the village. There is nothing between Zuko and his prize—there is nothing at all.

Though he cannot see it, he knows exactly what strikes him on the back of the head: the peasant’s boomerang. The ice sheet becomes grass and the waterbender freezes him in place, ice crawling up Zuko’s legs, growing like crystal around his arms, his throat, water filling his mouth so cold it burns. He takes a breath he should not be able to take, perhaps his last.

His own breath turns inside out, turns against him, turns to wind throwing him into the air like a trebuchet.

The Avatar.

“Do you think we could have been friends too?” the boy asks as he launches Zuko through a wall. The wall puts up no resistance, and Zuko is on the other side of it, certain he must get back. He cannot be found here.

Soldiers of Pohuai Stronghold surround him. They will know him in an instant if he stops moving. He has lost his mask. He fights barefaced, like a traitor.

He severs spearheads with his swords, whirls around and around. Next to him, the Avatar circles the soldiers with identical movements. His staff spins. Zuko’s dao spin. There is one gate between them and freedom, between Zuko and home.

Zuko puts blades to the Avatar’s throat. The Avatar is wanted alive, so if Zuko threatens his life— But the boy turns around in his arms. Zuko sees his face. It isn’t Aang.

Lee. Real Lee, the Earth Kingdom boy whose name Zuko stole before he knew it was another of his many stolen things.

“No! I hate you!”

Zuko rides out of town on an ostrich-horse, equally stolen. The weary, hungry villagers who line the road eye him warily. The Water Tribe siblings are there. Katara. Sokka. The earthbender he met when Uncle was hurt. Her eyes are blank, but she glares at him as the Avatar’s other friends do—nothing but blame.

As he rides, laughter comes from behind him. High, mocking, familiar.

He hears the crackle of lightning and the crash of thunder. He reaches out a hand to take the lightning into himself, to give it back, and now he is again on a flat sheet of ice. Not a landscape—a bridge.

The moon reappears in the sky, red as blood. The Ocean Spirit pulls Zhao into its fist. Zuko’s hand is still outstretched, but Zhao pulls away, would rather die than take anything Zuko could give. Zuko keeps reaching.

The hand before him is smaller, younger, with a blue arrow on the back lighting up as bright as the moonlight was on the water when he sank the fleet of ships. This hand reaches back, but now Zuko is the one pulling away.
Uncle’s voice warns him as if from a great distance. Zuko knows, feels himself fail as the lightning goes straight through his heart—Zuko woke with a shout, flailing so wildly he tangled himself in his bedding.Panic surged through him. He summoned flames to his hands and burned the blanket apart. His chest rose and fell like the time he nearly drowned in dark, freezing water. Outside the window, the moon was full.  “How can we help you gentlemen today?”“I think it’s how we can help you. Help you keep this lovely tea shop standing, that is. Nice decor, but unfortunately not up to code.”“What code—”“Oh, thank you for telling us. May I ask, what about our humble shop does not meet the city’s standards?”“No portrait of the Fire Lord, for one thing. Wouldn’t want people to start thinking you’re the rebellious type, now would we?”“That’s not a law!”“Please, forgive my nephew. He only means that this is the first we have heard of it.”“Makes sense. You’re locals, right? I guess you wouldn’t know how to honor your nation if it bit you in the— Woah, back off, kid. Old man, get your kitchen boy in line, or I’ll do it for you.”
“Lee.”
“Grr.”“Did… did the kid just growl at me? Did you just growl at me?”“Perhaps we could discuss these codes over a cup of calming tea. Have you tried our jasmine blend?”“We’re not here to drink your tea. We’re here to get you… what’s the word? Compliant. Otherwise, someone might start to get suspicious, and then who knows what could happen.”“Indeed. I ought to pass this on to our neighbors, then.”“Oh, don’t worry about that. You’re our last stop. You know the Yans, from down the block?”“The couple who run the bookstore, yes! Such lovely people. They have a fine collection of earthbending scrolls.”“Had, you mean. Shop burned down the other night.”“I see.”“Let me guess. They didn’t put up a portrait of the Fire Lord?”“They sold banned documents, actually. Peddling traitorous ideas. Did you ever go to that bookshop, boy?”“I—”“Thank you again for taking time out of your busy day to keep us informed. Are you certain I cannot tempt you to a cup of tea?”“No. I mean, yes. Yes, I’m sure. Get that portrait up. And watch yourself.”“Have a pleasant afternoon!”“Uncle.”“Very kind people, the Yans. Do you remember them, nephew?”“Lychee for Min, green for Shi. He usually ordered a second cup before she was done with the first.”“I’m glad. You’re getting better at remembering people. That is an important skill to cultivate.”“Uncle! We can’t just stand around talking about how nice they were. The soldiers burned their shop down!”“Yes.”“Well?”“It is unfortunate. What do you think we should do?”“I— Help them, somehow. Or, or stop it from happening to anyone else. To us.”“The man you growled at was more than happy to explain how to stop it from happening to us. Is that your plan?”“We are not putting up a portrait of my— Of the Fire Lord.”“Why not?”“Why not? What do you mean, why not?”“You were once quite accustomed to portraits of the Fire Lord. What’s different now?”“We’re not in the Fire Nation now! I— Ugh. I’m going for a walk.”“The park on Marble Boulevard is very lovely. Nephew! Do you have your keys?”“Yes.”“What?”“I said yes, Uncle!”“I’ll have dinner ready when you return!”“Don’t wait up!”“But I’m making dumplings!”“...Fine!”  He had the dream again.  The sight of a face familiar from before the Wall fell was becoming a rare occurrence in the Jasmine Dragon.Every time it happened, Uncle smiled like he had just run into a long-lost member of the family—if he had come from a very different family, that is. He called the guest by name more often than not, which constantly surprised Zuko; how did he remember so many of them? How did he even find out their names in the first place, when all he did was pour tea?Zuko shook his head. Uncle did far more than pour tea for the people who came to his shop. Even as their regulars became more and more frequently Fire Nation—not only soldiers, now, but craftsmen and entertainers and merchants who filled Ba Sing Se like it was just another colony—his hospitality did not waver. Though, again, a friendly Earth Kingdom face was likely to earn a reception even warmer than usual.“Pang!” Uncle boomed with genuine delight as a young woman approached the counter. “It has been too long! How are your studies?”This one, at least, Zuko remembered: the girl who once hid in the kitchen for an hour and then talked his ear off. Hard to forget. He glanced up from the dish basin to send Pang a quick nod of greeting.He did a double take at the look on her face.“Do I know you?” she asked Uncle. She sounded baffled and more than a little uncomfortable.“My sincerest apologies,” Uncle replied humbly. “There was a young woman named Pang who visited us from time to time, and you resemble her very much.”“No,” she shook her head. “My name is Pang. But I’ve never been here before.”Her green eyes darted around the shop. Zuko set down the cup and leaned through the window into the main room, just over Uncle’s shoulder.“You’re an astronomy student at the University of Ba Sing Se,” he said. Her eyes landed on his face—and did not waver over the scar. She had seen him before, then. Zuko was sure this was the same girl, but there was something off about her.“I’m a student,” she said haltingly, “but I study… I study geology. I’m sorry, I think I’m in the wrong—”“The zebra-cow in the planetarium?” he prompted. Uncle glanced at him warningly, but Zuko ignored whatever message he was trying to convey.“The what?” Pang asked. She tucked a lock of hair behind her ear nervously. Her hand shook. “No, that can’t be right.”“You hid in our kitchen through the whole afternoon rush,” Zuko said.“Nephew,” Uncle murmured.“I’ve never been here before! I haven’t, I—”“And you’re not a geology student,” Zuko pressed.She was clearly lying, and clearly nervous about it, but why? There weren’t any soldiers in the shop today. He and Uncle had compromised on a flame insignia pennant over the counter, so there wasn’t even a standing threat to burn the place to the ground hanging over them. It was suspicious.Given how their lives had been going for the last few months, Zuko was not exactly fond of suspicious.“I’m… I don’t—” She stammered. Her pupils were wide and dark, more than they had been when she walked in, Zuko was sure.“It wasn’t just the prank that got you in big trouble. With how often the planetarium is in use,” he continued, leaning so far out from the kitchen he considered hopping over the sill, “you said, because of all the phenomena this summer—”“—for the first time in nine hundred years,” Pang said suddenly. Her voice shifted oddly in register, as if reciting a speech she’d forgotten she had memorized. Her eyes were wide and blank. “A total solar eclipse in the same season as the Great Co— The—”Pang choked. Blotchy red crept from her neck across her face.Uncle was around the side of the counter before Zuko could blink. Zuko himself was over the edge of the window and in the main room of the shop, also before he could blink. Uncle’s steady hands hovered near Pang’s shoulders as she gasped for air.“Are you alright?” Uncle asked with alarm. Pang nodded, a deep, shaky breath finally clearing her airway.“What were you going to say?” Zuko asked.“That’s enough!” Uncle’s voice was stern. Zuko froze; the air in the shop felt a short spike in temperature. “Would you fetch our guest some water, please?” He asked, calmer.Zuko glanced from the girl taking deep, grateful breaths and staring sightlessly around the room, back to Uncle’s grim face. He nodded.When he returned with a cup of fresh water, Pang was sitting calmly at the nearest table. Her hands were steady and her pupils were a less unnerving size.“Thank you,” she said kindly. “I have trouble breathing sometimes this time of year. It’s all the pollen. What’s your name?”Zuko knew it wasn’t the pollen.“Lee.”“I’m Pang.”“Nice to meet you,” he gritted out between his teeth. To all appearances, the last five minutes were gone from the girl’s head entirely. “Can I get you some tea?”He took her order—the same as it had been before the Wall fell, before whatever happened to her that made her choke half to death on the word comet.And no mistake, that was what she had tried to say. It had been a topic of courtly conversation for as long as Zuko could remember, how great an honor it was to live to see the return of Sozin’s Comet, the prodigious source of the Fire Nation’s first sure step in the war. An omen, certainly, of their impending victory.Our, Zuko corrected himself. Our victory.The day after his grandfather’s funeral, on Zuko’s first full day as Crown Prince, he stood at the foot of Sozin’s enormous tapestry and stared for a long time. He didn’t remember what it was he meant to do in the first place—imagine himself there, maybe? Wonder what the weavers would surround his own image with, the way the comet arced red and sweeping over Sozin’s head like a bloodstain? Whatever it was that went through his ten-year-old mind, something else stuck with him.He thought about that tapestry a lot, years later. He learned truths about the slaughtered airbenders that his history lessons had never prepared him for, alone in a metal cabin swaying on the sea. He stepped over their bones, walked in the places where they once lived.Zuko told himself, over and over until it became as sure a mantra as the other reassurances that let him sleep at night, that what had happened in the past meant nothing beyond how it could help him accomplish his goals in the present. The dead had no use for honor; Zuko did.It had been months, at least, since he had thought about that. With the loss of the Avatar, the Air Nomads were truly gone. His great-grandfather’s wish, realized at last.“Here,” Zuko said quietly. He set Pang’s steaming tea on the table. She thanked him.The dead had no use for honor. If he were to return to the Air Temples, would he still say something like that?Zuko didn’t think so.  He had the dream again.  “Would you take out the dishwater?” Uncle asked, gesturing to the basin.Zuko nodded. He reached down to grab the container in front of him, carried it through the store room, pushed the back door open with his hip, and heaved the load forward in a familiar motion.Usually, this movement was accompanied by the splash of dirty water in the alley, which would soon enough drain through the grate in the narrow, paved road behind the Jasmine Dragon. This time, Zuko felt the weight slip out of his hands and heard a startling clatter a second later.He blinked. He looked at the ground, littered with ceramic shards; then at his hands, empty; then, he peered in through the open window into the kitchen.Sitting on the counter was the dish basin.Scattered in the alley were the pieces of the teapot Zuko had just thrown several feet onto flat stone.“Um,” Zuko said.“What was that?” came Uncle’s voice through the window.“Nothing, Uncle!”  He had the dream again.This night, the restless emptiness it left behind sent him wandering into the main room of the apartment. He expected to be alone with the waning moonlight. Instead, he came face-to-face with Uncle’s back. He was at the counter, pouring tea.“Have a cup,” he said, turning toward Zuko with a tired smile. “It will help you sleep.”“Sorry,” Zuko said. “Did I wake you?”Uncle only smiled.“Do you remember our first few weeks at sea?”Zuko was startled by the question, seemingly out of nowhere. His hand closed unconsciously around the warm clay cup Uncle gave him.“Not very well,” Zuko admitted.He remembered brief pockets of stillness with an almost uncanny clarity: the ship leaving port, the Western Air Temple, that first supply stop when the merchant laughed in his face for being thirteen and requisitioning provisions for two dozen men—the way he stopped laughing when Zuko told him his name. The rest was a haze of itchy bandages and wobbly legs and dusty texts in candlelight crawling like insects across his feverish, half-darkened vision.“You did not sleep well then, either,” Uncle said in a massive understatement.Zuko doubted he slept more than an hour at a time until the bandages came off, and then only after Uncle agreed to resume his firebending training. He drank the tea and waited. Either Uncle would continue, or he would sit silently with Zuko until he slept again. He was too tired to chase the thread of conversation.“I didn’t know,” Uncle continued at last, “that you were keeping yourself awake all night. You fell asleep on deck one day. Do you remember?”Zuko shrugged. Uncle had reminded him at least once a week for months afterward, nagging at him to get some rest, but Zuko couldn’t be sure if he actually recalled passing out in the middle of a sentence while shouting at the helmsman or if the memory was built from pieces of Uncle’s retelling.“I carried you to your room. I was going to leave, but then I heard your voice. I thought you’d woken up.” Uncle’s voice was a low, soothing constant. Zuko was in near danger of nodding off then and there. “You hadn’t. You were having a nightmare.”Zuko didn’t remember the specifics, but he could guess. He nodded.“I stayed with you that evening, but I knew you wouldn’t want me to hover. Your room was far from mine. Over the engine and the crew, I couldn’t hear a sound from you. I would lie awake and wonder if you were still running yourself into the ground, if you were visited by bad dreams, or if you were finally allowing yourself time to rest.”“I’m sorry,” Zuko said again.“No, my nephew. I’m not telling you this to make you feel ashamed. I’m telling you so that you can understand. I am happy to be woken up in the middle of the night, because it is better to hear your suffering and do what I can to help than to hear nothing at all.”The last leaves of Zuko’s tea were dark and scattered in the bottom of his cup. He didn’t see the future in them, but he sat with it anyway.“Although,” Uncle added with a yawn, “it would be best of all to hear some snoring now and then.”“I don’t snore,” Zuko grouched reflexively.Uncle chuckled. Zuko felt the corner of his own mouth twitch.“I’m going back to bed now,” Zuko said at last. “Thank you… for the tea.”“Thank you for the company.”Zuko slept, and he slept until morning.  The address of the bakery was written on a slip of paper in Uncle’s careful handwriting. It wasn’t much help, considering Zuko had no idea where he was.“Excuse me,” Zuko addressed a young man hawking ‘exotic’ fruit—which just looked like an assortment of dried up ocean kumquats to him—as he looked around the market alley. “How do I get to the Middle Ring from here?”“Screw your head on better next time, kid,” the man laughed. “You’re already there.”“Oh.”Zuko’s brow furrowed in irritation. He didn’t think he deserved to be laughed at for his confusion.He’d walked through the gate Uncle told him to and did a double take, certain there must have been some impossible feat of earthbending involved to deposit him directly into the Lower Ring. The buildings were crowded where they weren’t half-burnt, and the people more so. The motley painted houses and clotheslines like festival flags, which Zuko remembered from the time or two he’d had cause to visit the Middle Ring in the last months, were gone. In their place were layers of soot, muting colors and voices alike.“Need anything else? You’re in the way of my customers.”There didn’t seem to be anyone else in the crowded street clamoring to try dehydrated kumquat. Zuko shook himself; he could almost feel soot and despair settling over his skin.“Yeah, can you point me to this address?” He handed the fruit seller Uncle’s paper.“Oh hey, the Paddling Turtleduck! Just around that corner, take two lefts and you’re there. They have the best mooncakes in the city. Make sure you try a couple.”“I’m picking up an order,” he snapped, “not here to buy mooncakes.”Zuko went around the corner, took two lefts, and was there.“Order for the Jasmine Dragon,” he grumbled to the woman in the flour-dusted apron. A smell hit him just as she was wrapping up the basket. “And… two mooncakes. Please.”With an order of egg custards under his arm and a bag of cakes in his hand, Zuko watched the Middle Ring go about its business. He had long ago made a habit of memorizing the places he went to the best of his ability: entrances, exits, shadowy corners.The corners of Ba Sing Se were particularly shadowy, and not particularly empty.The Middle Ring was overflowing; it looked ready to collapse under its own weight. The extra bodies couldn’t be accounted for by former citizens of the Upper Ring alone, Zuko thought. If this place could be so changed, he wondered what the place that had been his— that had been where he lived in the Lower Ring had become.He made it back to the Jasmine Dragon and dropped the basket heavily onto the counter. The shop was mostly empty. It had opened barely an hour ago, and the rush was either over or about to begin.“Here are the egg custards,” he said to Uncle’s smiling face. “I hope the delivery boy gets well soon.”Zuko meant it as a passive-aggressive complaint about the errand; some of his less pleasant habits were making a resurgence these days. But he felt a twinge of remorse, and then a twinge of hope: he did wish the best for the delivery boy, honestly. Missing a day of work could really deal a blow to someone without much to start with—he had learned as much at Pao’s shop.The thought of the Lower Ring sent Zuko’s mood spiraling again.“What do you have there?” Uncle asked, interrupting Zuko’s retreat to brood in the kitchen.“Oh. I bought some mooncakes.” He dropped the bag into Uncle’s hand.“Thank you, nephew!” Uncle said, pulling a small plate and a dessert knife out of thin air to cut his cake into quarters. He eagerly ate the first piece, already eyeing the bag containing the other cake.“Don’t eat both of them!” Zuko said. He snatched the bag back. “I was going to save one for later.”“Don’t dawdle, or you may find your cake has gone stale before you allow yourself to eat it,” Uncle said through a mouthful of bean paste as if it were a piece of sage advice and not a ploy to steal Zuko’s breakfast. “Joy should be indulged in wherever and whenever you find it.”In response, Zuko shoved the entire second mooncake into his mouth.Uncle laughed his deep, throaty laugh as Zuko chewed slowly and awkwardly. He glared, unable to speak and irritated that he had no one to blame but himself.His first customer of the day asked if he’d been stung in the mouth by a mosquito-wasp. Zuko nodded angrily.“And how does rashness taste?” Uncle asked a few minutes later as he brewed another pot of ginseng. Zuko was in the middle of prying the remains of the cake from his teeth with his tongue.“A lot like lotus seeds,” he replied. Uncle laughed again. That night, the clouds were so thick the moon might as well have packed up and gone home.It was a perfect night for moving undetected. There was no reason Zuko could not be seen in the Middle or Lower Rings, exactly—he had his false passport, was well-known enough in the city by now that someone other than Uncle would be able to vouch for him, and didn’t intend to stir up trouble. Yet he felt more comfortable in the shadows on a trip like this.Uncle would not approve, for a start. He would want Zuko to get a full night’s rest before they opened the shop in the morning. He would want Zuko to find contentment in brewing tea, unworried about who was drinking it and what colors they wore, what they might have done before walking into the Jasmine Dragon—what they might do after they left.Life happens wherever you are. Uncle had been right about that. Life happened. Life was happening. But it was happening to Zuko, which was a state of affairs that chafed against him like shackles.If he wanted agency in his own life again—presuming he’d ever had it to begin with, but that thought led down a road darker than this cloud-covered night—he needed to know.He needed to know every inch of this new Ba Sing Se. His whole life, Zuko had been steps behind Azula. He’d spent years at a dead sprint trying to catch up, still always tripping over failure. Here he was, seemingly away from her at last, until she came and tore this city of his down from the inside out without even bothering to find him and gloat about it. That was new: in the past, she had hurt him because she enjoyed it.Apparently Zuko wasn’t even worth her cruelty anymore.But as much as it burned to admit it, she was still worth his attention. He had to know what else she’d done, what else she’d taken from him. Home, honor, family, love—and now Ba Sing Se, a city that, by rights, ought not to have belonged to either of them.The claws of an angry pygmy puma nearly took out Zuko’s remaining unscarred eye. He shook himself and ducked out of the alley. Focus.There was a fact of life that had served Zuko well as a lonely child, inventing solitary games to see how many guards he could sneak past without getting caught: people rarely looked up. It had served him well again as a traitor and then as a thief.It made the jump from a Middle Ring rooftop onto the uneven, scorched stone of the inner wall and the careful journey along the ceiling of the gate, over the heads of Fire Nation soldiers yawning through their night shift, swift and easy. The other side, though, proved problematic: there was no rooftop in the Lower Ring waiting to catch him.Zuko dangled by one hand from a deep crack in the wall. His fingers were already beginning to ache. In the dark, he couldn’t tell where the empty air below him ended and the ground began. Wait much longer, and his swinging legs would catch the guards’ attention.He breathed, swung himself past the edge of the stone gate, and let go.The ground resolved itself out of the darkness just in time for Zuko to fall into a roll. There would be bruises all along the backs of his shoulders come morning, he could already tell, but nothing was broken.Well. None of his bones, anyway. As Zuko got to his feet and looked at what had been the Lower Ring, he understood that Ba Sing Se was more broken than he’d thought.He walked through the streets in a haze—literally, given the number of fires filling the air with an omnipresent grey curtain of smoke. There was raucous shouting one street over as an unrecognizable shell of a building collapsed in on itself in a burst of dust and ash. A small group, faceless in the dark, huddled around the flames flickering inside a large metal drum.Zuko was seized by the fear of being seen. He didn’t know what he would do if he met the eyes of anyone who lived here—didn’t know what he would do if he recognized them.Moving by rooftop was faster, anyway. Zuko got a running start, took a leg up from the edge of the burning drum—“Hey, watch it!”—and grabbed the sloped shingles of the nearest roof. They were unevenly laid; while Zuko kept his footing easily enough, he knew that when the heavy clouds overhead chose to break open the roof beneath him would leak like a sieve.Not your problem. Zuko hesitated, surprised by the shame welling in his chest at the thought. None of your business, he amended.He reached the peak of the roof and felt the same vertigo as he had upon entering the Middle Ring, momentarily certain he could not possibly be where he thought he was. Dead ahead, where the great Outer Wall of Ba Sing Se had once risen around the city as if to meet the sky itself, Zuko only saw darkness. It was framed on either side by pillars of stone—No.That was the Wall. In pieces.Below him, a gruff voice shouted something unkind to the people warming themselves around the drum. Zuko peered down and saw the spiked armor of a footsoldier around the posture of a man indulging himself a bit too much while on-duty.Zuko tensed, but the group eking out an existence in the alley seemed too used to such treatment to give the bully the satisfaction of a response. Zuko moved on.In the starless night, broken buildings jutted like monstrous teeth around him. People wandered the squirrel-rabbit warren of the streets below, silent more than not, like the stories of lost souls in the Spirit World that Uncle had told in the galley on nights when the ocean was still. He had held the crew in rapt attention then; he had held Zuko’s attention too, as much as he was too proud to show it.A low voice drifted from an open window in the tenement under Zuko’s feet, crooning the start of a familiar melody.“Winter, spring, summer and fall…”For a moment, Zuko was in that tenement building. He was there, and he was on the deck of a ship as a damp wind carried the last chill of winter, and he was in a cave in a forest hearing an old man hum as he brewed tea like he was grateful for the privilege. He was eight, learning to purse his lips and push air out the bell of a tsungi horn bigger than he was, hearing a kindly laugh and the first compliment that had come his way in months, Finding power in your breath is a valuable skill, Prince Zuko, and from the sound of it, you have quite a lot.There was a harsh series of thuds and another voice, “Shut up!”The deep baritone shifted out of song and into a string of curses that would have made the boatswain who’d worked on Zuko’s ship for six months—before resigning with a tirade that had taught fourteen-year-old Zuko several new and handy phrases—blush bright red.Zuko almost laughed. Before more than a huff could escape his lips, he heard a shift in the air behind him.He whipped around, arms extended to block and attack. The rooftop was empty.Better keep moving. He leapt to the next roof. It wasn’t hard. The Lower Ring was still crowded, buildings shoved so close together they propped one another up. Too close: fire could jump between them, just as Zuko had, and take out a neighborhood with a single spilled candle.
It’s not candles doing the work around here anymore.
At the sight of two off duty soldiers sharing a drink in front of the burned-out shell of what Zuko recognized as the only shop within walking distance of their old apartment that sold at-all trustworthy fresh fish, it clicked: why this place was so confusingly familiar.Two scenes, layered together, something not-right about each of them: the Lower Ring, as it had been; and the amalgamation of a dozen ports-of-call, spread out over the colonized coast of the Earth Kingdom—little towns stubbornly clinging to cliff sides, surviving on nothing but spite.Well, nothing but spite and the sea. The Lower Ring now, soot-coated and worryingly empty of both people and sound, might as well have been a pirate cove with no pirates. A port with no ocean. Nothing to subsist on. Hardly any life left, except what couldn’t be scraped away on the first pass.“Hey, kid! Stop right there.”Zuko flinched, but the voice ringing out in the street below wasn’t directed at him. One of the off-duty guards—supposedly off-duty, anyway, though that was unlikely to stop them from flexing what petty authority they thought they had—advanced unsteadily toward a girl in a brown dress.“What?” She was trying to hide fear in her voice and not doing a very good job. Zuko crouched to the edge of the roof for a better look.“I think you’re out past curfew, little miss.” The soldier’s words slurred.Zuko’s fingers clenched hard around the edge of the roof. She has to be at least my age. And what curfew gets enforced in the Lower Ring?“I’m on my way home.”“Should have thought of that before sundown.” The soldier reached for the girl’s arm.Zuko, as he was wont to do, didn’t think.His feet struck the earth between the soldier and the girl. Zuko knew the weak spots in Fire Nation armor; two blows to the man sent him sprawling. His companion stood, squinting in the dark. Then, her eyes flicked past Zuko and widened.“Get back here! Get— Aw, forget it. You, though, you’re under arrest.”Zuko heard footsteps fade around the corner. He didn’t need to turn back to know the girl had run the moment the soldiers were distracted. Good instincts.He watched the soldier he’d struck struggle to his feet and the other pick up her spear. Zuko readied a fighting stance.He hesitated. Actually, I really don’t want to deal with this.A nearby window, long-since missing its glass, was a perfect hand- and foot-hold as Zuko launched himself up onto another roof. Below, twin grunts of enraged confusion told him the soldiers hadn’t been watching carefully enough—he’d jumped too fast, black clothes in the black night, for them to see which way he’d gone.If people like that are all that’s keeping Ba Sing Se in its place—The near-silent whistle told Zuko that something was coming toward him very, very quickly. It was barely a second of warning, not enough to get out of the way as a hand made of stone wrapped itself around his ankle. Then, movement near the edge of the roof: a figure in dark robes and a broad hat.Zuko focused a small blast of fire out as he brought the side of his hand down hard on the stone cuff holding him to the roof. It shattered, but the flash would alert the figure instantly, as well as anyone else who might be watching.He ran. The boy in black was quick. He was quiet. He would have made a good recruit if he weren’t a criminal.Or a firebender, of course. That might make training with the Dai Li problematic.Although, the city had changed dramatically in the last few weeks. Perhaps a firebending unit was inevitable. Still: criminal. That was important. Catch, reeducate, release.Tianqi was still working on the first part.The boy ducked silently flying stone with startling precision. He slid down sloping rooftops and leapt gaps between buildings as if he had no fear of falling. No fear of anything. Tianqi’s grandmother had put her faith in fortunetellers in the later part of her life, which his father had scoffed at. Tianqi had agreed.Now, he briefly wondered if he ought to reassess that position. This boy certainly moved like he knew the landing-place of not only his own feet, but the stones attempting to trip them as well, before either had even become airborne.A traitor who could see the future. This was not comforting.The chase took him beyond his usual route. Good. Perhaps that would mean reinforcements and another set of eyes to witness the boy who had just—Disappeared. Off the edge of a roof.Tianqi’s musings had made him slow. His knowledge of the city had made him presume the light-footed boy would not leap off the tallest building in the Lower Ring directly into a neighborhood that had been notorious for resistance to Fire Nation rule before it had been razed to the ground.More fool he.There was a crash in the alley to Tianqi’s right. He slid down the stone edifice of the building. The boy must have broken his own fall. He had rounded the corner. Then, where?The Lower Ring was dark as pitch tonight. The alley was darker. Nothing moved. A pile of broken shipping crates. A barrel. An empty storefront. A singed tarp hanging still in the windless air. Tianqi waited. He listened.A sound: the shifting of a living body. A shape in the broken window, a shade of black darker than the air around it.Tianqi approached. The shape froze. Given a moment, the boy would make another break for it. He did not have one to spare. He threw his hand of stone.The pygmy puma yowled. It hissed and spat and clawed at the stone hand curled into the nape of its neck.More pairs of yellow eyes peered at Tianqi out of the darkness. An entire clan of them.His commander had said being stationed in the Lower Ring would be a rewarding challenge. It would look excellent on his resume. He would be the first line of defense against invasion and the last against insurrection. It would be a noble choice to volunteer for such an assignment.He was really starting to regret listening to his commander. Zuko didn’t so much as breathe until the earthbender was gone. Then he didn’t breathe for a full minute after that.Through the slats in the old barrel, he could see the pygmy pumas circling territorially around the alley. He hoped they wouldn’t come for him next; he knew from experience animals didn’t like it when someone threw rocks at them, and that they didn’t always differentiate between rock-throwers and innocent bystanders.He made no sudden movements as he climbed out of the barrel. The pygmy pumas were inclined to ignore him, apparently. Small miracles.Very small, in a world of almost nothing but disasters.Zuko took the least efficient route possible back to the wall, crawling through abandoned buildings rather than over them. The streets were lousy with soldiers, obviously, and the rooftops—He wanted to laugh. Or scream. One or the other would be fine, but he couldn’t do either right now because he was dressed head-to-toe in black and sneaking through the city where he lived as if it were Pohuai Stronghold, all because of his sister.
Really, Azula? The Dai Li?
She had done what Uncle could never do and taken Ba Sing Se. She had done what Zuko could never do and defeated the Avatar.I wasn’t trying to kill him. I wasn’t— He clenched his teeth as if the thought would bounce off him like a punch.And apparently, Azula had not been content simply to steal the quests that her family members had fought and bled and known unspeakable loss trying to achieve out from under them in a single day. She had found her own special accomplishment to carry home to Father: bringing the secret, elite earthbending police of the greatest Earth Kingdom stronghold under her thumb and keeping their loyalty, even while an ocean away.…if she was an ocean away.
No. Absolutely not. Don't even consider it.

But it would be just my luck.
He simmered with a rage so hot he worried there might be smoke coming out of his nostrils the whole way home. Zuko hooked a hand over the top of the sill and swung in through the open window. From the other side of the apartment, he heard Uncle’s door quietly slide shut.That, he could deal with in the morning. He smelled like smoke and dirt; he had burnt all his anger out in the long trek here; he was too tired for any of it.  He had the dream again.And again.And again.  
The Ba Sing Se Sun: 

Ba Sing Se’s First Official Newspaper as Appointed and Approved by Fire Lord Ozai

Royal Return
Princess Azula returned to Capital City to an appropriately celebratory reception today. After her noble victory in Ba Sing Se, securing the Fire Nation’s permanent influence in the Earth Kingdom, the Princess greeted a procession in front of the Royal Palace. Over eight hundred members of the nobility and citizens of the homeland were in attendance. Her advisors announced the return of our “clever and beautiful” Princess to the gathered crowd.Princess Azula has accomplished two of the most significant military successes of this decade within the last month: the breakthrough at Ba Sing Se and the removal of the Avatar. With such an acceleration of victories for the Fire Nation, experts at Caldera University have predicted an end to the war “within the year.”Fire Lord Ozai’s official release (see page 4) praises his daughter as highly in writing as he does in speech. After three years of waiting, rumors abound as to when the Fire Lord will finally crown the Princess his primary heir.After much speculation, the Fire Lord has announced the newly-appointed Governor of Ba Sing Se. In a conference on the steps of his office, Governor Noru…The rest of the article quickly became illegible as the paper started to blacken and curl between Zuko’s fingers. With a snarl, he threw it in the gutter.Little tongues of flame had time to eat away his father’s name before the trickle of rainwater in the gutter doused them. Long after Zuko walked away, the half-burned newspaper fluttered into the canal. The water carried it out of sight.  Lightning struck Zuko straight through the heart.For once, he didn’t awaken gasping for air or flailing against his blanket. He woke up stock-still and calm—calmer than he’d been in weeks. Dawn was a long way off; his room was bathed in moonlight. That was good. It meant he had time to prepare.With the efficiency of a navy man, Zuko dressed and began to pack. Sturdy shoes; utility knife; dark clothing, breathable enough to fight in; turtleseal-skin bag; passport; throwing knife; emergency coin; hood, to keep his ears warm; blanket; sunhat; two more knives, just in case. Last came his broadswords. They were hidden between the wall and the sturdy set of drawers that had come with the new apartment, which was unfortunately lacking in loose floorboards.Uncle caught him silhouetted against the window, already reaching for the door.“What are you doing awake?” Uncle yawned. “We don’t open the shop for hours.”“I’m not opening the tea shop today, Uncle.”Uncle was silent. Zuko glanced at his face—he looked thoughtful, and old, and wise. He did not look surprised. If Zuko let himself believe it, he could have almost said Uncle looked proud.“Where are you going, Zuko?”“You told me I was free to choose my own destiny. That’s where I’m going.” Zuko’s hand closed around the door handle. He stopped. He turned around. Uncle faced him with his hands in front, ready to return a bow.Zuko threw his arms around him. There was no hesitation before Uncle hugged him back. The old man was strong and soft. He was more of a home than any person or place Zuko had known since he watched his mother’s face vanish into a dark hood and a darker night.“Be safe,” Uncle said, low and serious. Zuko understood all that lived beneath the words—the trust that Zuko could protect himself as well as Uncle had protected him for years.“I’ll see you again.” Zuko could not give the promise his uncle asked for, but he could promise that much. The streets belonged to the soldiers and the rooftops belonged to the Dai Li. To get out of Ba Sing Se, he used neither.Zuko had not survived every close escape so far in his life by following paths meant to be walked. An entrance was an entrance; an exit, an exit. Many things counted as either or both if you looked past the blinders of intention and precedent—if you looked at them from the bottom up.The narrow canals that striated the Upper Ring were functional as well as decorative; running water irrigated parks and gardens, kept wells in the better-off neighborhoods from turning stagnant, provided an easy method of waste disposal, and, soon, would carry the Crown Prince of the Fire Nation swiftly out of the city to wherever the canals ended.They had to end somewhere.All Zuko had to do was cling to overhang shadows for half a block, then cross the street. The only differences between this and his daily walk to work at the Jasmine Dragon were time of night and the way he was dressed. And the swords, of course.A deep breath, a short drop off the footbridge—barely making a splash in the moving water—and the current pulled him down a winding path beneath a city rising to greet the pink-tinged morning.It was better than the petrifying cold of the arctic sea, at least. Compared to that and the three-week stint floating through endless saltwater that came after, the chill of springtime runoff and the pace of the current were nearly relaxing. Zuko allowed nothing but his head above the surface, stayed as close to the stone wall as possible, and watched the lightening sky fly past overhead, broken occasionally by the passing shadows of bridges.A woman dumped a bin of dishwater over Zuko’s head as he passed behind a restaurant. The water grew shallow for several city blocks, enough that keeping his body underwater meant his chest scraped against the bottom. He dove beneath at the telltale click of soldier’s boots and did not come up for air until his lungs burned.The water got deeper and the current faster. Other canals converged, emptying into one; the street was now so far away none of the city-sounds were audible above the sound of water over stone. Zuko was entirely in shadow, the blue sky a distant ribbon overhead.He heard rushing, crashing water.The canal ended ahead at a wide, gaping maw into darkness. Zuko realized, abruptly, that there were no open canals in the Middle Ring—but there were sewer tunnels beneath it.The drop had to be a dozen feet, at least. The smell hit Zuko harder than the water. He would have to clean his swords and knives thoroughly as soon as he found his way back to the surface. He only hoped the bag was as waterproof as the vendor had promised it to be; the loss of his fake passport and all his clothes wouldn’t be the worst thing to happen to Zuko recently, but it could prove inconvenient.He tumbled through water so sludge-like it made him grateful for the darkness. Things brushed against him—accumulated trash from the largest city in the Earth Kingdom, he hoped, and nothing more. Nothing alive. Zuko kept his head above water; he kept himself in the current.Time passed, or it didn’t. He had lost all sense of it. But eventually: light.The light was small and distant, but it was there, and the rushing water carried him straight toward it. He swam, quietly rejoicing, anticipating the sun on his face—A current caught Zuko around the chest and spun his body like a child’s toy. Another tunnel must have emptied into this one, creating a cross-current that swept his head underwater. He kicked toward the surface, toward the light.Hard metal slammed into Zuko’s spine. He broke the surface with a sputtering cough and saw that he had reached the end of the tunnel, which was blocked off by thick, vertical bars. Beyond it was sunlight, so bright after the darkness it dazzled him. The current pinned him to the bars, barely half the width of his body apart. Zuko took as deep a breath as he could, pulled one fist out of the water, and summoned a concentrated flame.Fire daggers were a signature move of Zuko’s—or, he always hoped they would be. No one besides Uncle had ever commented on them, but he’d spent months perfecting the fine control required to keep a flame still and candescent at the same time, so close to the skin but never burning himself.There was nobody to impress in this tunnel that was currently doing its level best to drown Zuko in sewage. He held the glowing edge to the metal and pushed.It took a long time, probably. If Zuko was sweating, it was indistinguishable from the grime sticking to his hair and face. If the sun moved in the sky, he couldn’t see anything but the way it glanced off the water just beyond the bars. If he slipped and burned a thick, red mark across his right wrist, he would deal with the inevitable infection once he was out of this sewer.First one slice through the metal, then another. The second was two feet higher, almost out of Zuko’s reach with the exhaustion of the task coupled with keeping himself above water. He bobbed, gasped, and nearly swallowed mouthfuls of whatever the rushing current threw into his face, but after some unknowable measure of time, the section of bar fell away and sank with a splash.Zuko’s arms shook. He hauled himself up the metal pole, through the fresh gap—still glowing forge-hot, inches from his skin—and out the other side.The water fell away into the distance before Zuko, a man-made river that cut through the rolling lands beyond what remained of Ba Sing Se’s great Wall. The current was still swift, but with the room to spread wider than the tunnel the river was nearly peaceful.Zuko floated on his back, feeling the sun on his face.There was work to do. But first, he could let himself rest. A man needs his rest.  Thinking ahead had never been Zuko’s greatest strength. Still, he needed enough of a plan to pick a direction to walk in.He sat in the dark, having deemed a campfire this close to the city too high a risk, and catalogued everything he knew about the Avatar’s friends.They were definitely out there, and probably still together. The two from the Water Tribe were brother and sister—as if that meant much on its own, Zuko thought grimly. But he had seen the way they worked in tandem, the things they were willing to do for one another. The two were together still, he decided. The waterbender—Katara. Katara and Sokka. Zuko decided he should start thinking of them as people with names if he was planning to join them in an act of deliberate treason. It was only polite.Katara had been protective of the Avatar, and violently so. She wouldn’t have given up yet, if only out of pure rage at the death of her friend.Sokka was a warrior. Zuko knew a bit about what that meant for a man of the Southern Water Tribe. It was a duty—one that kept a teenage boy standing tall with a warship bearing down on him, for a start. He would have gone down with the Avatar before abandoning people who needed him, and certainly before abandoning the war altogether.The earthbender was an unknown variable. Zuko didn’t even know her name. Uncle had been there, maybe he’d caught it—but it was too late to ask him now, and who knew what good her name would be to Zuko.The Southern Water Tribe, then. That was his best lead. Zuko turned his thoughts that way and recalled all he could: an alliance with their fleet was the closest thing to a formidable naval force the Earth Kingdom had; they were notorious for blocking Fire Nation access through Chameleon Bay—the reason Uncle had once led a march by land an extra hundred miles to avoid them; Chameleon Bay was a straight shot by water from Ba Sing Se.There was little chance the Avatar’s friends would be with the Water Tribe’s fleet, but they were just as likely to be there as anywhere else. It was a start. Zuko had spent three years chasing dead ends from one end of the world to the other. What was one more hopeless quest?At least this one would mean something. At least it was his own choice.Cold, alone, under the wide star-map of the sky, Zuko slept better than he had in weeks.  “Don’t look now but your favourite customer has just shown up.”Rey groaned, resisting the urge to smack her head against the superautomatic espresso machine and give herself some first degree burns in the process.  Every day  . Every freaking day he showed up. Always at 10 o'clock, always with the world's most ridiculous order and always,  always, without the slightest hint of courtesy.They’d dubbed him the Vampire of Starbucks.  And he always appeared just as Poe went on break.“Bye Reyyyy!” He grinned, waving at her as he danced off into the back room. “Have fun!”“Sonova-” she gritted her teeth. Hard.  C’mon Rey,  she gave herself the familiar pep talk, steeling her spine to face her own personal customer-from-hell,  just get it over with. “Hi there, Welcome to Starbucks, can I take your order?” She plastered on her bestest, brightest smile. Face aching with the effort as he stared darkly at his phone, foot tapping impatiently behind the counter.Seventy nine feet tall (at least) and dressed all in black he dwarfed her, even raised as she was by the serving dias. Paler than a polar bear and perpetually scowling at his iphone as he clogged up the queue area.She waited. Wishing it was peak time so she could hurry him on with impunity, the lull in traffic meant she had to put up with his infuriating lurking. Her face felt like it would start to bleed at any second, cheek muscles seizing up with the effort.“Sir?” She held the smile in place with an iron will, “Can I take your order, please?”“Hmm?” He looked up at last, meeting her gaze with brown eyes so dark they were almost black. “I’ll have a two shot venti cinnamon mocha with unsweetened almond milk. No foam.”“Coming right up.”  You bastard.  she added silently on the end, staring blankly at the machine for a minute before seizing a cup. “The name,  please?”Each please was a knife in her gut but she forced ‘em out anyway. She needed the money after all.“Kylo Ren.”It was a stupid name to go with a stupid order, and she’d long since learned it by heart. He’d been coming in for over a week after all.“Kylo Ren.” She muttered darkly under her breath as she stabbed the order into the machine and waited, taking up her sharpie with a malicious glee.
 Kylie N. 
She wrote, her smile finally feeling real as the power of the pen filled her.  How ya like me now, bitch. Going through the motions of his order she felt a deep sense of satisfaction when she finally slid his over priced drink across the counter. He frowned at it, annoyance clouding his features as he regarded the name before turning on his heel and exiting the cafe in an overly dramatic swirl of black fabric.Rey bumped her hip against the counter and watched him go. She’d just found her new favourite game. - “Name please?”Kylo Ren gritted his teeth, fielding off another half dozen messages from General Pain in the Ass. He’d been frequenting that particular branch of Starbucks for weeks, far long enough for even the most incompetent barista to learn it.“Kylo Ren.” He intoned, dropping his phone into his pocket and finally looking up at the serving girl. She always seemed to be on duty during his mid-morning caffeine run, both a blessing and a curse. She was a strange, short creature with a wide plastic smile and an obvious memory deficiency, but she was also the only person within city limits who seemed capable of getting his order right. It was… interesting.His phone buzzed insistently in the pocket and he pulled it out with a scowl as she slid his drink over the counter with her management-approved smile.“Have a great day.” She grinned, even as her eyes sparkled with malice.He glanced down at the cup.
 Kai Lauren. 
The most colourful interpretation yet. - “Hey - Dameron, I’m running out of names for the Vampire.” Rey folded her arms, watching the clock impatiently as it ticked slowly towards ten. “D’ya think ‘ Guy Delorean  ’ or ‘  Smile O’then’ is better?” “To be honest with you Rey-bey, and I’m only saying this because I love you, both are weak.” Poe shook his head, unfastening his apron as the bell above the door rang. “C+ for effort but must try harder!"“Douche!” She called after him before turning to face her coffee-based nemesis.She almost tripped over herself when she found him staring right back at her, his phone missing completely for once.“Uh - hi.” She started, the familiar spiel suddenly vanishing from her mind as she was confronted with the undivided weight of his attention. “Welcome to Starbucks, can I take… your… order?”He regarded her for a full twenty seconds, at least, and she felt the most ridiculous heat rising in her cheeks. She was so used to his half-focus, the infrequent nods as he glared at his phone, that it was more than a little disconcerting to find herself suddenly the object of his intensity.“Maybe a two shot venti cinnamon mocha with unsweetened almond milk?” She offered, breaking the silence and wiggling an empty cup at him.“Perfect.” He nodded and the blush redoubled itself.Stupid vampire . Planting her feet squarely behind the counter she raised her chin,  challenging his gaze even as she slapped her best Starbucks smile on.“Name?” - “Kylo Ren.” He raised an eyebrow at the devious glint that lit her eye. “Perhaps you need me to spell it for you?” “No no,” The barista shook her head, smile becoming a smirk. “I’ve got it.”She took up the marker with fiendish delight, scrawling across the empty cup. He watched her move through the familar routine of getting his coffee, reaching without thinking for the almond milk as the machine whirred to life. It was almost like a dance, a perfectly calculated series of movements as she prepared his order.“Here you go.” She held it out to him with her perfect, Employee-of-the-Month smile, but there was a note of challenge in her eyes he couldn’t look away from.Glancing down at the cup he wasn’t sure whether to smirk or scowl.
 Caitlin Zen. 
He looked up again, she seemed poised, tense, waiting for his reaction.“I give you points for creativity today, at least.”She narrowed her eyes but the smile didn’t falter, “Maybe I’ll have better luck tomorrow.”“I look forward to it.”Surprising both of them, he actually was. He wondered what it meant about his life that this grammatical battle with a minimum wage employee had become the highlight of his day. - “Yeah but what did he  mean  by that?” Rey swung her legs over the side of the counter, the shop empty after the early morning rush. “Like is it a psyche out? Is he trying to get in my head?”Poe shrugged, checking out his perfect reflection in the milk jug and licking his teeth to make sure they were as sparkly as possible. “If he is it’s obviously working. I’m more prone to thinking it’s not your  head  he’s trying to get into though.”He waggled his eyebrows salaciously and Rey jerked back, eyes widening in affront.“What on earth do you mean?”“Pants,  Rey!” He threw his hands up at, as if explaining it to a child or particularly dense chihuahua. “I thought that was obvious. He’s trying to get into your  pants!”“Have you been in the nutmeg again, Dameron? You know that stuff’s a hallucinogenic right?” Running her hand over the standard issue green apron she jerked her thumb at the back room. “Go sleep it off, horn dog.”“Yes ma’am.” He saluted smartly before turning away with a lascivious grin, “Enjoy your encounter with the vampire.”Poe was evil. Kylo Ren was evil.The world was against her, there was no other explanation for it.Beyond all sense of reason she found herself getting flustered waiting for the door to ring. He was late. It was two minutes past ten already. By five past she was almost worried something had happened to him. Should she call someone? Gods, how awkward would that conversation be.  Police please, the guy who always comes into my coffee shop at 10 o’clock precisely has missed a day and I think he might’ve fallen down a manhole somewhere. Or maybe someone staked him. Her hand was hovering stupidly over the phone when the door swung open, the familiar chime jerking her head up like pavlov’s dog. Her heart thundered against her ribs as he strode through the doors, the relief was palpable. And ridiculous.“Hi. Welcome to Starbucks can I take-”The words died at the look he levelled at her, one dark brow raised as he hit her with a roguish smile.“So we’re going to go through this every time.”She bit down on the inside of her cheek and pulled a cup from the stack, her face frozen somewhere between a glare and a smile.“Fine.” Keying in the familiar sequence into the machine she held the sharpie up to the light. Her source of power.
 Vlad Loren 
“Vlad ?” His eyes flew up, usually measured voice rising in surprise as he appraised her anew. “You think I’m a vampire.”“If the cape fits.” She smiled widely, eyes lingering on the broad line of his shoulders, outlined as they were in his fine black wool coat, before snapping back to his face as she realized where they’d strayed.“But it’s daytime.” He pointed out, eyebrows quirking in something almost like disbelief.She rolled her eyes, “Vampires can survive in daylight, if you’d ever actually read Dracula you’d know that. It’s just the movies that made up the sun thing.”“That’s rather flimsy evidence.” He leant forward and she found herself mirroring him unconsciously. “I believe other noted characteristics of vampires are their fangs, and their tendency to turn into bats or smoke? Neither of which, I can assure you, are traits of mine.”It was unfair. He wasn’t allowed to have a sense of humour too. Leaning over the counter she fixed her gaze seriously on his mouth. Swallowing hard against her suddenly dry throat.“Hmm. We’ll see.” - “Those are new.”There were white flowers littering the top of the glass pastry case, little bunches of them tied to all the usual signage that lived there. The barista, whose name he was still in the dark on given her complete lack of name tag, (he wondered how Starbucks felt about that) glanced down at them with a grin. Her face lighting up impishly at his notice.“Garlic flowers.” She said, selecting one from the countertop and holding it out to him. “They’re supposed to ward off the undead.”“And yet here I still am.” He took the proffered blossom, heart jolting unexpectedly as his fingers brushed hers. From the flush of colour that stained her cheeks, she might have felt it too.“Just being cautious.” She shrugged, drawing back quickly and turning to the machine. “No harm in double checking after all.”Popping a lid onto the finished drink, she slid it across the counter. “Wouldn’t do to have you biting the customers.”He found himself smiling again, letting his gaze linger a moment or two longer than was strictly polite on the smooth white column of her throat. Her dark hair was tied back in a messy bun, leaving it exposed.“Or the staff?”The flush returned, her face turning a pleasant shade of red as he turned away to leave. - “Would you please just bang him already?” Poe ran his cloth over the sideboard with a world-weary sigh. “The sexual tension is killing me.”Rey dropped the mug she was holding, ceramic shattering across the floor. “Damn, Dameron!” She cursed him, scrabbling to pick up the pieces as he unabashedly laughed at her. “What- how- WHAT?!”“I’m just saying, you’re into him.” He shrugged, throwing his cloth down and stretching languorously. “Oh would you look at the time, have fun darling!”“You’re the worst!” She shouted after him as the bell rang. Ren was right on time today.“First I’m a vampire. Now I’m the worst.” His voice was mild, measured. But she  knew he was teasing her.“The two aren’t mutually exclusive.” She snarked back, quietly, already assembling his order. “Can I get you anything else with that today?”“Hmm.” He made a big display of examining the case. She allowed herself a moment to enjoy the angles of his face under the florescent lighting. He was actually pretty damn attractive when he wasn’t scowling down at his phone. His skin was splattered with freckles, like ink stains, and his eyes glittered with something that managed to be smack-bang between dangerous and sensitive. Straightening up he made an offhand gesture. “I think… I’ll also take a slice of carrot cake, and your name.”She started back, heart bailing from her rib cage straight up into her throat at the sheer focused intensity of his gaze.Oh shit, Poe was right. She was  completely  into him.Scrabbling to bag up the slice of cake she rang up the order, investing every inch of her concentration into appearing nonchalant.“That’ll be five dollars fifty-eight, please.” She said primly, cashing him out on autopilot. She picked up the sharpie for his drink, staring at the cup blankly for a second before her hand moved without permission.
 Rey Niima. 
He smirked as she passed it over, managing to send her wits completely out of the window as he held her gaze.“Thank you, Rey.” - “I know you’re not a vampire.” She said when he turned up the next day, already leaning against the counter in preparation. Her lips turned up in a real smile, not the company-approved grimace, equal parts brightness and mischief. It lit up her small face.“Oh really?” He leant against the counter, automatically adjusting his posture to best meet her eye. He’d switched his phone over to silent before entering, as he’d taken to doing every day, Hux and Phasma and everyone else could wait. Nothing else really mattered when he was there, the moments spent in the warm coffee-scented glow of her dominion were always the best in his day. “And how is that?”“You never ask permission to come in.” She shrugged, toying with a lock of hair that had escaped the confines of her bun. Fingers twisting and turning hypnotically in the chestnut strands.“Well, that’s only because this is a public place, surely.” He smirked, realising suddenly that he’d smiled more at her than anyone else in a long time. The thought making him bold.  “If I were to call at you on home I’d have to ask permission. I’d have to say,” He hesitated, making sure he had the full attention of her hazel gaze. “‘Rey, invite me to your house.’”Her hand stilled over the paper cups, shell-pink lips parting in a little ‘oh’ of surprise.“To- my house?” She repeated, making a valiant attempt at acting casual even as pink spots rose in her cheeks to betray her. The coffee machine whirred behind her, completely ignored by both of them. “What if I didn’t have a house. What if I lived in an apartment, say? With two incredibly over protective roommates? Just, theoretically speaking, of course.”“Well, then I wouldn’t bother.” He sighed airily, watching her face fall for a split second. “Far too much trouble for a first date.”“Oh.”Unable to stop himself he reached across the counter, pulling the empty cup from her hands and writing across it’s surface. “I’d have to invite you to my place instead. At say, 8 o’clock.” - Rey glanced down at the cup placed squarely into her unresisting hands. Upon which, in neat black capitals he’d written. 
 27 Coronet Street 

 8 o’clock ~ Kylo Ren. 
  Oh.  She thought to herself.  So that’s how you spell it.  Hinata sits in a chair, hands twisting nervously in his lap, as he smiles, tries to remember to be polite, and bullshits his way through yet another job interview that’s bound to go wrong.(He hopes he’s wrong.)At least the ambience is nice, he thinks. It’s a small, quaint café, one he’s been to a couple of times after class, and he likes it. Compared to his last workplace (McDonalds—a disaster practically waiting to happen, honestly, in retrospect) this place is practically heaven, and that thought makes him sit up a little straighter, try to look just a little bit smarter, in the hopes that someone, anyone will finally hire him (and not promptly fire him two days later).“I have experience,” Hinata says, swallowing.At, like, ten different places, he doesn’t say.His potential boss-to-be, a bespectacled man with dark flyaway hair, nods, smiling encouragingly, and Hinata tries to offer a smile back. It probably just comes out looking squeamish.“Why did you leave your previous employer?” the man asks—Takeda-san, his name is Takeda-san, Hinata reminds himself mentally. He’s still smiling, though, which Hinata takes as a good sign.“I just didn’t like the working environment,” he says, which isn’t a lie, at least. Not really.Got fired, he doesn’t say. Like all my previous stints at landing a job.Takeda-san nods again, and writes something down on the notebook he has in front of him. It takes all of Hinata’s willpower now to attempt to peek at what he’s writing. Something tells him he doesn’t quite want to know.There’s a silence as Takeda-san continues writing, and Hinata watches the rhythmic way his pen moves over the paper. He’s frozen in place, toes curling and uncurling, and he’s starting to sweat a little, too, he can feel it on the back of his neck, he really, really wants to wipe at it but somehow he can’t seem to bring himself to move—“So,” Takeda-san says, finally looking up, putting his pen down. He’s smiling. “When can you start work?”Hinata’s eyes widen, and before he knows it he’s leapt to his feet, grinning for the first time since he stepped foot into this interview, like he can’t quite believe his luck.-Hinata can’t believe how bad his luck is.So—the day had started out pretty well. Arrived on time, introduced himself, bowed at and smiled at his new co-workers (Tanaka-san and Nishinoya-san seemed nice enough, but there was this other guy, Kageyama, that Hinata just prays and hopes that he’ll never end up in the same shift with ever again), and then got to work straightaway with a general tour of the café and learning how to work the cashier.And then all was fine and dandy and he’d served coffee to a couple of customers without incident, smiling at them and wishing them a good day, and it was actually kind of nice when some of them smiled back and said nice things too, and Hinata was starting to think that hey, I could really get used to this job when—“Here you go, that’ll be—”He’s not quite sure how it happens, but somehow his hand slips, the paper cup in his hand tipping over precariously—In short, he almost spills this guy’s order of a medium cappuccino to go all over him.On his very first day. Which is, yeah, just his luck.“Oh my god, I’m so sorry, are you—” Hinata sets the almost-spilled cup of coffee back down on the counter—it’s spilling over the cap, just a little bit, brown drops of coffee rolling down the side of the cup—and awkwardly reaches out to grab a wad of paper towels to—to what? Pat the guy dry? He’s not even actually wet!Hinata settles with using it to wipe at the sides of the cup, even though it’s about at useful as trying to get a four-year-old child to solve a calculus problem.He chances a look at the guy’s face, and then regrets the decision almost immediately, because the guy looks absolutely thunderstruck.“I—I’m sorry, but the coffee’s fine, see, so… so…” The words die in Hinata’s throat when the guy looks no less mollified by his (pathetic) attempt at rectifying the situation, and Hinata immediately changes tracks, trying to find something else he could possibly say, when—“Hinata.”He doesn’t recognise the voice, not immediately, but then he turns and sees Kageyama standing behind him, and oh.Kageyama marches over, grabs Hinata by the collar of the shirt, mutters a quick, “I’m sorry for my co-worker, he’s new,” before practically dragging Hinata away, leaving a very confused customer still standing by the counter.“Let me go,” Hinata hisses, but Kageyama ignores him, just keeps on dragging him until they’re out of sight of the customers; only then does he let go of Hinata’s shirt, and Hinata grumbles sourly, rubbing his neck.“What the hell, Kageyama?” he says, rounding on Kageyama.“That’s my line,” Kageyama answers straightaway, glaring down at Hinata, arms folded so tightly Hinata’s just surprised that he can still feel his hands. “You’re the one who screwed up on his very first day, what kind of barista doesn’t even know how to hold a cup of coffee properly—”And yeah, sure, so maybe there’s a pretty big height difference between them, but Hinata’s not scared at him at all. Instead he lifts his chin, looks right back at Kageyama, says, “Way to be a crazy dictator, I mean, like you said, it’s just my first day, can’t a guy make a mistake around here—”“A mistake like accidentally handing a guy the wrong dollar bill or putting a bit too much milk in someone’s order, whatever, but what kind of idiot basically spills coffee on a customer?”“Hey, for the record, I didn’t actually spill it—”“Thank fuck you didn’t, but you almost did, which is bad enough—”“But I—”“Hey, you two!”Their shouting match is interrupted by a third voice, and both Hinata and Kageyama turn to look in the direction of that voice at the same time.It’s Tanaka, folding his arms and looking distinctly unamused.“If you guys are done,” he says, jerking his thumb in the direction of the order counter, “we need someone to help man the cashier.”That finally brings the both of them back to their senses, and Hinata bows lowly, his cheeks heating up, and even Kageyama looks a little shamefaced (or is it just defiance, Hinata can’t really tell), looking down at his feet in silence.“S-sorry, Tanaka-san,” Hinata mumbles, ducking his head, and goes to follow Tanaka back out to the main serving area.And if he turns around to stick his tongue out at Kageyama as he goes, well, what Tanaka-san doesn’t know won’t hurt him.-“This sucks,” Hinata mumbles to himself as he finds himself poised at the cashier once more while behind him, Kageyama gets to work at brewing their first order of the day.“Sorry?” the customer—a tall dark-haired girl with glasses—asks, looking confused, and Hinata flushes, waving his hands frantically in front of him.“N-no, it’s nothing, I was just talking to myself!” he rambles, and the girl blinks, but doesn’t say anything else.But… yeah. As he was saying. It’s honestly just his luck to have ended up on the same shift as Kageyama—alone—on Mondays. As if Mondays weren’t shitty enough already. No, he just had to spend them with a certain grouchy-ass coffee-making perfectionist.He considers asking for a change in shifts, but it’s really not worth it—he doesn’t want to get fired from this job, because as much as he can’t stand Kageyama, it’s so much better than McDonalds or that department store down the street where he once almost got trampled to death during a sale.So… for now. He’ll endure it.At least for the other shifts where they’re together, he has the other guys like Tanaka-san and Suga-san to act as a buffer between them. So, really, when you think about it that way, it’s just a once a week affair for a few hours. Hinata can handle this. He’s handled way worse. Screaming children. Misplaced orders. Setting the kitchen on fire. He can deal with an annoying co-worker. In fact, after everything he’s been through, this is practically nothing—“Oi. Dumbass.”Yeah. Practically nothing.“Quit spacing out,” Kageyama calls from behind him, and Hinata turns around, frowning. “Here’s the order.”“Sorry,” Hinata mumbles, snatching the cup from Kageyama’s grip (carefully, though, carefully), before turning back to face the customer with a smile already back in place.“Thanks for stopping by,” he says. “Hope you have a great day!”The girl blinks, looking surprised, before she smiles back hesitantly.“Thank you,” she says, quietly, before taking her leave, cup in hand, and Hinata watches her go with a vague sense of satisfaction which is… strange, but not entirely unwelcome.“Hey,” Kageyama calls again, and Hinata turns around, a scathing reply already on the tip of his tongue.“Good job,” he says, suddenly transfixed by some spot on the wall in front of him. “You’re good at talking to customers.”And the what the hell, Kageyama that Hinata was already getting ready to deliver gets stuck in the back of his throat instead.
Wait. What?
“Buh?” Hinata says instead, intelligently, and just like magic Kageyama’s face twists into his usual scowl again.“Forget it,” he growls. “Suga-san said to try to be nice to you but I can see that it’s not going to work.”Hinata visibly bristles at that comment. “Well maybe if you stuck your head out of your ass long enough to realise that your definition of nice is seriously screwed up, then—”The bell signifying the entrance of a customer jingles, then, and they jump apart, Hinata returning to the cashier and Kageyama to the coffee machine, and they don’t speak for the rest of their shift together.-“What am I going to do, Suga-san?” Hinata groans, resting his head against the surface of the counter. It’s a slow day, and there aren’t any customers for now, which gives them space to talk without fear of being overheard. Which is nice—Hinata has learnt, over the weeks that he’s been working here (without getting fired, which is a definite achievement), to appreciate moments like these, especially when he’s on the same shift with Suga-san.Hinata likes Suga-san a lot. He’s quite possibly the nicest person Hinata’s ever met in his entire life.Even though they’ve only known each other a couple of weeks, still, Suga-san just feels likes someone Hinata can trust—which is why he’s here, now, pressing his cheek into the wood of the counter and complaining to him about a certain prissy co-worker with a tendency to comment on every single thing that Hinata’s doing wrong (which is basically everything, according to Kageyama.)“Well,” Suga-san says, coming over to stand next to Hinata, leaning back against the counter as well, “have you ever tried just… talking to him?”“No, I don’t have a death wish,” Hinata responds immediately, pulling a face. “Trying to talk to Kageyama is like trying to reason with a lion that hasn’t eaten in two days.”Suga-san laughs, then, which Hinata doesn’t understand, there’s nothing funny about the prospect of getting his head chewed off by Kageyama, and he says as much, which just makes Suga-san laugh even harder.“Oh, he’s not as bad as you think he is.”“You’re just saying that because he’s actually halfway decent to you,” Hinata mumbles, frowning. “Because you’re nice. And you’re our senior.”“Then maybe you should try being nice too?” Suga-san suggests, and Hinata groans loudly.“That’s what you told Kageyama too, wasn’t it? And then he just ended up saying something weird and completely flipping out on me when I got confused—”“Wait,” Suga-san says, and Hinata turns his head to the side to see Suga-san peering down at him, eyebrows raised. “What exactly did he say to you?”“He… he complimented me, I guess,” Hinata says, making a face like he just swallowed something particularly sour, because the word complimented just doesn’t belong anywhere near a guy like Kageyama. “He said I was doing a good job at talking to customers or something like that, and then when I was like huh? he got all mad at me and said it was useless trying to be nice to be or something along those lines, and then obviously I got mad too, because I wasn’t just going to take something like that lying down, and—”“Hinata.”Suga-san cuts Hinata’s manic rambling off, and when Hinata straightens up to look at him he realises that Suga-san is smiling.“Look, I think the two of you have just been misunderstanding each other this whole time,” he says, and Hinata just looks at Suga-san like he’s just proclaimed that he’s going to become the next ruler of the sun. “I’ll talk to Kageyama too, alright? But I think the two of you should just talk it out—no, don’t give me that face, Hinata—” Hinata immediately tries to smoothen out his sour expression, with limited success. “—but, yeah, just talk it out, and maybe apologise—”“What am I supposed to apologise for?” Hinata interjects. “I didn’t do anything, he was the one who was being a jerk from the start.”“Maybe,” Suga-san says, and he’s still smiling, and yeah, definitely the nicest person that Hinata’s ever met, “but maybe you could’ve made an effort to listen to his advice instead of just brushing it off too.”“But I—”Hinata is interrupted by the sound of the bell signifying the opening of the door, and he flushes, dusting his uniform off and moving to stand in front of the cashier.“Just give it a try, alright?” Suga-san says as he moves away, already getting ready to brew a new cup of coffee. “You don’t have anything to lose.”Hinata opens his mouth, ready to protest, but then the customer’s already in front of the counter, rattling off his order, and so the conversation ends right there.-On Sunday Hinata finds himself at the other coffee shop down the street (is that weird, to work at one café and then frequent another? In any case he doesn’t really want to think about that particular problem right now), textbook open in front of him as he cradles a cup of hot chocolate in his hands. Opposite him sits long-time friend and fellow college sufferer Kenma, who isn’t even trying to pretend that he’s actually doing anything productive. He’s tapping at his phone listlessly—texting his boyfriend, probably, Hinata thinks—his textbook having mysteriously disappeared off the surface of the table.“Maybe I should’ve worked here instead,” Hinata says miserably, leaning down slowly to press his cheek against his textbook. “I hate my job.”“No, you don’t,” Kenma says, and though Hinata can’t see his face from where he’s resting his head on the table, he’s quite sure that Kenma probably isn’t even looking at him. Well, he’s used to that though.“Okay, I don’t hate it,” Hinata concedes. “But if that asshole Kageyama just disappeared my life would be so much better. Plus tomorrow’s Monday. Hell Monday.” Hinata groans, loudly enough that the couple sitting at the table next to theirs turns to look at him. “Sometimes I wish college would actually kill me.”“Mhm.” Kenma just makes a vague noise of acknowledgement, and Hinata groans again, burying his face between the pages of his textbook.-Monday comes round. Hinata very reluctantly makes his way to his workplace, praying that maybe Kageyama’s sick, or he has an appointment, or he left his job, or a comet mysteriously crashed into Kageyama’s house and Hinata will never have to see his face ever again.As it turns out, none of the above is true, because when Hinata steps into the store Kageyama’s already there, starting up the coffee machine for the day.“Hey,” Hinata says, tentatively, and when Kageyama ignores him, he just shrugs and walks to the backroom to deposit his stuff.The two of you should just talk it out. Suga-san’s words from the week before suddenly resurface in Hinata’s mind, and he sighs, craning his neck to look at the ceiling.“Fine,” he says, more to himself than anything else. “I’ll try, okay, Suga-san? So when it fails epically, I can at least tell you I tried.”“Try what?”Kageyama’s voice jolts Hinata out of his reverie, and he spins around abruptly to face Kageyama, standing by the door with an eyebrow raised, and yeah, so maybe his cheeks are burning right now, but that’s totally Kageyama’s fault—as usual.“Nothing,” he snaps, and then regrets it immediately, because he can already picture Suga-san’s admonishing face, saying something like “you should have tried harder, Hinata” and looking thoroughly disappointed in him.So instead Hinata clears his throat, takes a deep breath.“I mean,” he amends, looking down at the ground. “I was just talking to myself. It’s nothing.”“Talking to yourself,” Kageyama repeats, drily, and it takes all of Hinata’s self-control not to go right up to Kageyama and snap his neck in half with his bare hands.“Well—it’s really none of your business,” Hinata says hotly, and he raises his head just to watch Kageyama roll his eyes so dramatically he’s actually kind of impressed.They stand there in silence, and god, it’s so awkward, and Hinata just stares at his shoes and thinks that maybe he should go… test out the cashier or something, but he can’t leave the backroom because Kageyama’s still standing frozen by the door, and oh god, kill me now.When he realises that Kageyama isn’t going to move unless he does something, he clears his throat, says, “Hey, if you don’t mind, could you—”Just as Kageyama goes—“I’msorryforbeinganass.”And the rest of Hinata’s sentence dies in his throat immediately.
What?
“…huh?” Hinata says, because what the hell just happened, he came in here today hoping that an asteroid had crash landed into Kageyama’s room and expecting to exchange less than two words with him, and instead—“You heard me,” Kageyama snaps, and his head is lowered, he’s looking at the ground, and wait, is he actually embarrassed—“Oh,” Hinata says faintly, staring at Kageyama, feeling like he just found himself in an alternate dimension like in one of those weird horror movies. “Okay.”A pause.“Wait.” Kageyama looks up then, scowling, all traces of embarrassment immediately gone. “Okay? Is that all you’re going to say?”“Well—” Hinata’s about to argue back when the image of Disapproving Suga-san pops up in his mind again, and he bites back the insult that’s already on the tip of his tongue. “—fine. I’m sorry, too.”“Good,” Kageyama bites out, and then silence falls over the both of them once more.Wow. This is awkward.“…um, if you don’t mind moving, maybe we should get back to the counter?” Hinata suggests after what feels like an hour, and Kageyama blinks, as if suddenly realising the situation that they’re in, and he finally moves aside to let Hinata push the door open and make his way out.If they don’t talk much for the rest of the day, well—at least they’re civil. Even though it is incredibly weird.-Two more Mondays pass with that same stilted civility, and Hinata thinks he’s about to go completely insane.“I can’t take this anymore,” he groans, finding himself complaining to Suga-san again. “I think I actually miss his bitching.”“Do you really?” Suga-san calls from the other side of the room where he’s clearing up, and Hinata nods vigorously.“Yes. I never thought I’d be saying this but yes. I’d take annoying over awkward any day.”Suga-san falls silent, and Hinata watches him scratch his chin, looking deep in thought.“I think,” he says at last, “you two just need to strike a balance.”Hinata just stares.Suga-san smiles. “Right now you have no idea how to interact with each other without tearing at each other’s throats, so trying to be civil to each other just feels like you’re walking on eggshells, right?”“I guess—”“Which is exactly what I mean by striking a balance.” Suga-san goes back to picking up after the last group of customers, tossing empty paper cups into a trash bag. “Somewhere in between arguing with each other every chance you guys get and being polite but awkward.”“Easier said than done,” Hinata mumbles, frowning. He doesn’t expect it at all when he hears Suga-san’s laughter instead.“Well,” he says. “I’m sure you guys will work something out. Maybe try to actually hold a conversation with him…”Hinata just makes a vague gesture that’s somewhere in between a shrug and an upper-body spasm.“I mean,” Suga continues, “I think you guys have the potential to be really good friends.”Just as he finishes speaking Hinata slips and bashes his head into the edge of the counter.-Hell Monday.There’s still a bruise on his forehead from when he’d basically slammed his head into the counter the last time he talked to Suga-san, and he remembers Takeda-san very conveniently walking into the store right at that moment and then freaking out for about ten minutes while Suga-san convinced him that no, Hianta wasn’t suffering from a concussion, and yes, he’d be perfectly fine, but maybe he should let Hinata rest at home for the day.Everyone’s already asked him about it (except Kenma—Kenma didn’t have to ask. He just took one look at it and then Hinata launched into an explanation straightaway), so he really doesn’t feel like answering when Kageyama eyeballs the purple bruise on his forehead with raised eyebrows.“Don’t ask,” he says immediately.“I didn’t,” Kageyama points out.“Good,” Hinata huffs.Silence. As usual. That awkward, awkward silence that’s making Hinata consider giving himself another bruise on the forehead.The first customer of the day arrives, and Hinata falls back onto his now-familiar pattern of greeting customers, taking orders and giving change. It’s comfortable, and he’s so familiar with this by now, and maybe that’s why he doesn’t expect it at all when he turns around to see Kageyama still eyeing that bruise.“Hey,” Hinata snaps, an automatic response. “I told you to quit staring—”“Did you ice it?” Kageyama asks.“—I said I wasn’t going to tell you about it, so… wait, what?”“I said, did you ice it,” Kageyama repeats impatiently. “When you got the bruise. How long has it been anyway?”“Couple of days,” Hinata says, with just the slightest tinge of apprehension, because he has no idea where this conversation is heading. “And what do you mean icing it—”(At least we’re having a conversation, he thinks to himself. Are you proud of me yet, Suga-san?)“Are you serious?” Kageyama folds his arms, and the sour look on his face is just so familiar that Hinata has pretty much stopped bothering to return it with a glare of his own by this point. “Did you apply ice to the bruise?”“No…” Hinata says, and Kageyama actually presses his palm to his face.“…no wonder it’s still so bad,” he mumbles, shaking his head, and Hinata huffs.“Hey, I can take care of myself—”“Obviously,” Kageyama growls, “you can’t. Go get some aloe vera gel from the pharmacy after this shift and apply it to the bruise, alright? That’ll make it go away faster.”“Oh… okay…” Hinata’s blinking, still very, very confused at the direction this conversation has taken. “I’ll… I’ll keep that in mind.”“Good.”There’s a customer at the counter, then, so Hinata turns around to take her order, and tries to wrap his head around the conversation that just happened.By the time the girl walks away with her cup of coffee, Hinata has concluded that he will never, ever, ever understand Kageyama.-“The aloe vera gel helped,” Hinata tells Kageyama the next week. The bruise is mostly gone by now, and people have stopped staring at him in the hallways, so that’s a relief.“I told you it would work,” Kageyama says, back turned to Hinata, busy at work at the coffee machine as usual.There’s a brief pause while the coffee machine hisses and groans and Hinata peers at it from behind Kageyama’s shoulder.“Hey,” he says, suddenly. “Teach me how to use that.”“What?” Kageyama says, still not looking at Hinata.“The coffee machine,” Hinata clarifies, on his toes, trying to look over Kageyama’s shoulder, curse the height difference. “Please.”Kageyama does turn around then, and he almost knocks his head against Hinata’s – thankfully he misses by barely an inch, or else Hinata would have another bruise to answer for (although, at least now he knows what to do with it).“Why,” Kagemaya says, and it’s less of a question and more of an expression of distaste, and Hinata shrugs.“I dunno,” he says. “Looks cool. The way it goes sssss and then pchoo! and then it spits out all that coffee, plus all this other weird stuff back here that I’ve never used because I’m always stuck on cashier duty—”“I started out on cashier duty when I first started working here too,” Kageyama says, frowning.“Well, somebody must have taught you how to work the coffee machine—”“Fine,” Kageyama snaps. “I’ll teach you. Come here.”Hinata starts, because he didn’t expect Kageyama to actually agree. He’s frozen to the spot, but then he remembers the last time he took just a moment too long to respond to Kageyama’s occasional bouts of… well, not niceness—decency is probably the closest fit. So he shakes himself, and then bounces over to where Kageyama’s standing by the coffee machine.“I’ll just start with the basics. Here’s how you make a regular espresso.”And Hinata nods and watches quietly as Kageyama gets to work, explaining the different parts and what to add and what buttons to press, but by the time he’s done Hinata probably understands even less than what he did before.Kageyama looks at Hinata expectantly. “Got it?”Hinata blinks, then looks up, smiling. “Uh.”Kageyama looks at Hinata for a very long moment, then shoves the espresso into Hinata’s hands and turns away.“Forget it. This is why you’re always stuck on cashier duty.”“Well, maybe you’re just a lousy teacher—”“Get back to the cashier!” Kageyama snaps, and Hinata could argue against that, but right at that moment someone comes in through the door, and so he doesn’t have a choice but to bite his tongue until the next available opportunity to yell at Kageyama again.-Hinata doesn’t stop bugging Kageyama about teaching him how to make coffee, though. Even if he doesn’t really understand it at first, he just likes watching Kageyama show him how it’s done, explaining the different ingredients that go into different drinks and the different measurements that go into achieving the perfect brew.“I didn’t know you were so anal about this kind of stuff,” Hinata says one day after Kageyama finishes a long rant about how too much milk can make or break a latte.“It’s not being anal, it’s just being precise,” Kageyama retorts, and Hinata snorts.“Don’t those two words just mean the same thing?”“No, they do not. Did you fail Japanese back in high school?”“No,” Hinata says, proudly. “Not in the final exam anyway.”“Not in the final exam…” Kageyama mutters.“Shut up,” Hinata says cheerfully. “Anyway, I just wanted to ask, what about for custom mixes? You know, like the girl who came in the other day and asked for a ferrero rocher?”“Well, they provide a recipe, don’t they?”“Yeah, but those don’t usually provide measurements and stuff right? It’s just a vague outline of the ingredients. So what do you do then?”“Estimate?” Kageyama says, shrugging.“Yeah, well, but I thought that wouldn’t be good enough for someone as anal as you—”“Stop calling me that,” Kageyama hisses, punching Hinata on the arm, and Hinata winces, rubbing at the sore area.“Fine, fine, sorry,” he mumbles. “Anal.”He has to duck under the counter to avoid being hit by the paper cup Kageyama flings at his head.-The week after that Hinata crash lands into work with a piece of paper in his hand, which he presses into Kageyama’s, grinning broadly the whole while.“What the hell is this?” Kageyama grouses, smoothing the paper out to read what’s written there.“It’s a recipe,” Hinata says proudly. “I was looking at some online and I came up with a few of my own, and I—”“No way,” Kageyama says immediately. “I am not helping you test out your crackpot custom drinks.”As he speaks he makes a motion like he’s about to scrunch the piece of paper into a ball, and Hinata jumps up, snatching the paper back from him before it can come to any harm.“Hey!” he squawks indignantly, shielding his magnum opus from Kageyama’s murderous gaze. “Don’t be a dick, you haven’t even looked at it yet—”“What do you know about custom drinks?”“I don’t know all that crap about measurements and proportions you keep going on about,” Hinata relents agreeably. “But I do know what tastes good together.”“No.”“Please.”“No.”“Kageyama.”“No.”“I’ll tell Suga-san you were picking on me again.”“…”“Maybe I’ll just text him right now—”“Fine. I’ll take a look.”Hinata grins, looking far too pleased with himself, and he hands the piece of paper over to Kageyama once more. He watches as Kageyama squints at his handwriting, eyes scanning the words on the page, and it’s with no small measure of satisfaction that he sees Kageyama’s eyes widen in surprise.“…I guess I could give it a try,” he says, at last, and Hinata practically beams at him.“I told you it would work.”“Shut up. We haven’t even actually tried it yet,” Kageyama mutters, but he’s already turning to the coffee machine with the piece of paper still in his hand.Hinata watches as he gets to work, starting with a regular espresso and then adding ingredients as he goes. It’s fun to watch, really, and it would be pretty funny how serious Kageyama gets over something as simple as coffee, but still, the end result is going to be pretty darn amazing, so he doesn’t complain, just waits patiently as Kageyama finishes the drink off with a generous topping of whipped cream and hazelnut syrup.“So, how is it?” Hinata asks, bouncing up and down on the soles of his feet.“I haven’t even tried it yet,” Kageyama repeats, glaring, then raises the cup to his lips and takes a tentative sip.His eyes widen suddenly, and his hand pauses in mid-air, the cup of coffee still held to his lips.“Is it good?” Hinata asks, blinking, shifting his weight from foot to foot, and Kageyama finally snaps out of his reverie long enough to hand the cup of coffee to Hinata.“Here.”Hinata takes the cup from Kageyama eagerly, and raises it to his lips immediately.There’s a flash of taste, before the sensation of a burnt tongue hits him like a brick to his face.“Owowowowow,” he whines, slamming the cup down on the counter behind him, and he brushes past Kageyama to reach for the jug of water they keep at the back, pouring himself a cup and gulping it down straightaway.“You idiot,” Kageyama hisses, and Hinata just grins sheepishly.“…Well, but it was good, right?” he offers weakly. Kageyama looks distinctly unamused.-“You know,” Hinata says, later that day, when they’re clearing up for Tanaka-san and Nishinoya-san to take over the next shift. “We should start including our custom mixes on the menu too.”Kageyama doesn’t reply, but Hinata can tell he’s thinking about it, so he gives Kageyama his space, lets him mull in silence.“You’re right,” Kageyama says eventually. “We should tell Suga-san, since he’s the only one who talks to Takeda-san directly on a regular basis.”“Yeah!” Hinata’s a lot louder than he’d intended to be, and Kageyama startles at the outburst. “Let’s tell him on Wednesday, on our evening shift!”“Sounds good,” Kageyama says. “Bring your recipe again on Wednesday then.”“Yeah.” Hinata grins. “I will!”-He doesn’t.“I’m soooooorry, Kageyama,” Hinata whines, but Kageyama just continues pulling at Hinata’s ear while simultaneously bowing to Suga-san.“I’m sorry for you too,” Kageyama mutters.“Kageyama, let Hinata go,” Suga-san says sternly, but the smile tugging at the corners of his lips betrays him. “You guys can always make your mix for me another day. It’s not like we don’t see each other often.”“I guess so,” Hinata says, rubbing his ear while shooting Kageyama a dirty look. If Kageyama sees it, he ignores it.“But still, you’ll talk to Takeda-san?” Kageyama says instead, and Suga-san smiles.“I will, the next time I see him,” Suga-san promises, and Kageyama and Hinata exchange looks, grinning.“Thank you very much!” they say in unison, both bowing as they speak, and Suga-san just beams at them.“You guys really have become great friends now, huh?” he comments.Kageyama and Hinata exchange another look, but they’re not smiling this time.“No way!” they both yell at the same time, jumping apart immediately. (Suga-san just smiles.)-Time goes by. Kageyama is… well, Hinata’s not sure he’d call him a friend, not in the strictest sense of the word. He’s not a friend like Kenma is, isn’t exactly someone he’d go to to talk about his problems or complain about his particularly tyrannical college professor to, but… well, he doesn’t dread Mondays anymore, at least.In fact, he’s actually come to… look forward to it. Just a little.Kageyama’s still an asshole. He still yells and insults and isn’t afraid to lift Hinata up by the collar of his shirt just to prove a point when he gets pissed off (which is often). Still, Hinata’s come to realise that it isn’t because Kageyama hates him in particular or anything like that – that’s just Kageyama being Kageyama. Angry is his default state. So Hinata’s started just giving him shit-eating grins in return to his angry tirades instead of rising to the bait and arguing back, and somehow it’s been working really, really well.“He’s not that bad,” he admits, once, to Kenma, and Kenma actually looks up from his phone, one eyebrow raised.He remembers what Suga had told him, a while back, about striking a balance, and he thinks – this is it. He’s happy with his job, he’s not drowning in unfinished assignments and late essays, and he hasn’t failed any of his exams (yet).Yeah, he thinks. Life is good.-One day he gets a phone call telling him that Suga-san’s sick, and would you mind filling in for me? Just for today, thank you so much, Hinata! and Hinata should really start learning how to say no Suga-san.That’s how he finds himself awake bright and early on a Tuesday morning, and if he almost crashes his bike into a lamp post on his way to work, well, that just means Suga-san will have to treat him to a really good meal after this.Suga-san takes his morning shifts alone, partly because they’re understaffed, and partly because Suga-san is (by far) the most capable out of all the baristas working here, and although that might work for Suga-san, who spends his time either studying or reading, Hinata finds himself ready to throw himself out the window within the first hour.He’s so bored he thinks he might actually start crying. Business is really slow too, and there is absolutely nothing to do. A guy can only play so many rounds of QuizUp without boring himself to death.The bell rings, and Hinata straightens up, sliding his phone back into his pocket.“Good morning, welcome to—” he starts to say, but then he stops when he realises that this is the guy whom he almost spilled a cup of coffee all over on his first day of the job.AKA the guy that Suga-san won’t shut up about.“Hey,” the guy—what’s his name again—says, walking up to the counter. “Where’s Suga?”Hinata squints at him. “Suga-san is sick,” he says, frowning, trying to remember his name. It starts with a ‘d’… Daisuke… Daiki… no, wait, it’s Daichi, right— “You’re Daichi, right? He talks about you a lot.”The guy blinks, looking really confused for a moment, and Hinata can practically see the gears turning in his head.“Uh. Yeah, I’m Daichi,” he says. “Is Suga okay?”Hinata shrugs. “He said it’s just a cold, but I dunno, it’s just like Suga-san to make it sound less serious that it actually is, you know?”He watches as Daichi pauses again, longer this time, before answering.“Yeah,” he says. “I know.”There’s a very awkward silence, then, because Hinata doesn't have anything else to add, and okay, he’s not here to make conversation with other people’s not-boyfriends, whatever the hell is going on between Suga-san and this guy, he’s just here to make coffee, and is he going to order anything or what?“Uh—a medium cappuccino to go, thanks,” Daichi says at last, and Hinata nods, cashes in the guy’s money before moving to the back to make his drink.By now he’s finally learnt how to actually make drinks, thanks to the combined efforts of Kageyama and Suga-san, and as he punches the buttons and grabs the paper cups he isn’t really thinking about the process of making coffee.He’s thinking about that poor schmuck standing in front of the counter, who obviously came in here today hoping to see Suga-san and got Hinata instead. He thinks about what Suga-san has told him about this Daichi person. And he thinks about that kicked puppy look on Daichi’s face when he’d told him about Suga-san being sick.He looks at the paper cup in his hand, and immediately makes a decision.Taking a deep breath, he pulls the phone out of his pocket while reaching for a marker.He looks for Suga-san’s number in his contact list, pops the cap off the marker, and then writes down the string of numbers on the cardboard cup sleeve.When Hinata finally re-emerges he’s fidgeting, shifting his weight from foot to foot, but—okay, he’s sure Suga-san won’t kill him for this.He’s at least 30% sure.“Okay,” Hinata says, before taking a deep breath, looking at Daichi’s really confused expression. “Don’t tell Suga-san I was the one who told you this, but I wrote his number down on the cup.”Daichi blinks again, looking even more confused.“I think—I think he’d want you to call, but at the same time he wouldn’t, because if he’s really sick he wouldn’t want anyone to know about it, and… And, just don’t tell him it was me, okay?” he finishes, lamely, and he looks up hopefully at Daichi’s face. He’s staring at the numbers on his cup, looking like a proverbial deer in the headlights, which Hinata takes as a good sign.“Okay,” he says, finally, his voice coming out a little bit strangled. “Thanks. Really. I owe you one.”Hinata blinks, but then he takes a good look at Daichi’s face—nervous and relieved and scared and confused all at once—and he can’t help it. He grins.“No prob!” he calls to Daichi’s retreating figure. “Now go give Suga-san a call!”Daichi pauses, already pushing the door open, and he turns around to look at Hinata, smiling.“I will,” he calls back, and then he’s gone.-Suga-san comes into work next day looking like he just won the lottery and got crowned king of some mysterious beach island at the same time.“Thanks, Hinata,” is the first thing he says, and Hinata colours.“I—I told him not to tell you it was me!” Hinata protests, and Suga-san’s grin grows even wider at that (if that’s even possible).“He didn’t, it was just really obvious.”Hinata’s shoulders sag, and he pouts. “You’re not mad at me, are you?”“Mad? Of course not,” Suga-san says, and he actually reaches out to ruffle Hinata’s hair, and wow, Suga-san must be really happy, huh.“W-well!” Hinata pries Suga-san’s hand off the top of his head. “I’m just really happy for you, Suga-san!”Suga-san puts his hand down, and the grin on his face shifts to something warmer, gentler, fonder, and he reaches out to pat Hinata’s shoulder.“Thank you, Hinata,” he says, and Hinata beams at Suga-san.“You’re welcom—” he starts, to say, but then Suga-san interrupts him:“Well, it’s about time you and Kageyama got together too, isn’t it?”Hinata’s not quite sure how he does it, but at that precise moment he slips and bashes his head against the counter all over again.-(He remembers to ice the bruise this time.)-Hinata will see Kageyama again on Monday, and he’s not quite sure how he feels about that.His mind’s been out of whack ever since Suga-san’s little throwaway comment, and it shouldn’t bother him this much but it is, and he can’t stop thinking about it.“Why would I ever want to date a jerk like Kageyama,” he says to himself, once, but the words sound fake and flimsy even to his own ears.He’s so stupid. He can’t believe it took him all these months and one little comment from Suga-san to finally realise it.“Oh god, I have a crush on Kageyama Tobio,” he whispers to himself in horror the day he comes to that realisation.He’s going to die.He’s quite sure that if he so much as made eye contact with Kageyama he’d end up either evaporating from the face of the earth or sinking into the floor and never coming back up ever again.He’s so, so, so dead.He goes to Kenma for advice, but Kenma just looks at him blankly and says, in his usual monotonous voice, “Maybe you should just ask him out.”And Hinata wants to retort that his boyfriend is a nerd with perpetual bedhead, what does he know, but then he thinks about Suga-san, and that Daichi guy, and his little sister who’s probably dated more people already than Hinata has his entire life, and okay. Maybe he’s actually right.So. What.Does he just stroll into the café on Monday and ask him out? Because Hinata is pretty sure that guys like Kageyama don’t date guys like Hinata. Guys like Kageyama don’t date, period. And oh god, does he even like guys?Hinata doesn’t want to think about this any longer. He’s pretty sure if he does he’s going to end up throwing up.That doesn’t stop the anxiety that attacks him constantly over the next few days, and when Monday finally arrives, Hinata finds himself wishing that the roof will just cave in on him.(Obviously, it doesn’t.)-It’s like Hell Monday all over again, except completely different at the same time.Hinata comes into work first, which… is a relief. At least that means he doesn’t have to test out the eye-contact-with-Kageyama-equals-his-breakfast-on-the-floor-in-front-of-him theory yet.He goes to the backroom, shrugs off his coat and deposits his bag.He’s going to ask Kageyama out. That’s what he decided the night before. He’s going to man up, and ask Kageyama out. He’s not going to stutter, or stumble, or end up slamming his forehead into the counter again. He’s going to ask Kageyama out, and if he doesn’t at least try to ask he’ll—“Hey.”Hinata turns around, slowly, already knowing what he’s going to see—Kageyama, standing there, probably with his arms crossed and ready to give Hinata another lecture about spacing out for no reason, unbeknownst to the fact that Hinata’s spent the entire weekend agonising about the best way to ask him out and definitely not thinking about how nice he looks when he actually stops frowning long enough to smile.At least, that’s what he expects to see, but instead—“Here.”Directly in Hinata’s line of vision are two movie tickets to the latest new action flick shoved under his nose.Kageyama’s standing in front of Hinata, holding on to said tickets, but he’s not looking at Hinata—he’s looking away, at the door, shoulders tense and cheeks pink, and—“Wha?” Hinata says before he can stop himself, and he sees the exact moment that Kageyama snaps.“Take one,” he barks, his grip on the tickets tightening—Hinata can see them starting to crumple under his grasp.“Huh?” Hinata says, because he genuinely doesn’t understand what’s going on.“For god’s sake—” Kageyama turns, then, actually looking at Hinata now, and—“I’m asking you out, dumbass,” he mutters, face red, and oh. Oh. “So just take the damn ticket already.”“But I was supposed to ask you out,” is the first thing out of Hinata’s mouth because he’s not thinking right now, probably isn’t even capable of thinking at the moment because it feels like his brain’s just short-circuited inside his skull.“Then it doesn’t matter, does it?” Kageyama hisses, impatient. “Just take it already, Hinata.”And then suddenly, like the light switch being turned on, Hinata’s eyes widen, the full realisation of what just happened hitting him like a lightning bolt, and he practically jumps, extricating one of the tickets from Kageyama’s grip, grinning the whole while, a funny swooping session starting to develop in his gut, and he doesn’t think he’ll ever stop grinning.“Okay,” Hinata says, beaming, and Kageyama colours, turning away again. “I’ll go out with you, Kageyama.”“Good,” Kageyama says. He’s still not looking at Hinata, but Hinata can tell that he’s… he’s actually smiling, just the slightest curve to the corners of his lips, but still. He’s smiling. Hinata made him smile. “Don’t be late.”“I won’t,” Hinata promises, and just keeps on smiling stupidly—smiling throughout the entire shift, throughout all of his classes after that, and of course, later, when he turns up at the movie theatre with Kageyama already there, hands in his pockets and waving when he sees Hinata.And if that funny swooping sensation is there again and makes Hinata’s heart constrict kinda weirdly in his chest, well, what the hell. He’s happy. He’s really, really, really happy.And he thinks Kageyama is, too. ☾ Life, Yoongi decides, is really fucking unfair. “If you wanted to pass this course, Min Yoongi,” his professor tells him in that annoyingly snarky tone of hers, “you should’ve considered actually showing up to class every now and then.” It’s not like he had a choice. He was offered an internship spot as a studio assistant at a record label at the very beginning of the semester, and his hours just  happened  to clash with that of his marketing classes.  Marketing.  He’s majoring in music productions, for crying out loud, why should he even give a damn about some beginner-level marketing class?  “To make sure you have enough credits to graduate,”  Namjoon’s annoyingly smart voice says in the back of his head. Shit. “I’m sorry, professor Yeon,” Yoongi grits out, trying his hardest to not rip the folder in his hands in two. “Is there anything I can do to convince you to let me pass? My score on the final exam was pretty high, so…” She sighs like she’s never heard such a tedious request. “Even with your score, that’s not nearly enough to let you pass,” she says, pursing her lips in clear distaste at the mere thought of letting him get away without punishment. “You missed so many important discussions and guest lecturers, not to mention classwork.” Well, it’s not like he  needed  to take part in those discussions or listen to the lecturers, since he still scored 87% on the final exam, which was higher than half the rest of the class. As for classwork, he turned in every assignment that was posted on the course website on time. Professor Yeon just hates him because when she told him his bleached hair was unprofessional and juvenile, he retorted by saying his grandmother wears the same lipstick she does, and grandma Min wears it  better.  Okay, yeah, maybe that last one is on him. “Because I’m generous, I will give you one chance to pass this course,” she says at last, and Yoongi already knows this is going to be the least generous offer in the whole world. “I want you to look up every guest lecturer that visited my classes during this semester, watch one of their online classes, and write an essay on each and every one of them about how their ideas are beneficial for advertisement of either a brand or a product.” Shit. That’s gonna be seven essays. Seven goddamn essays on basically the same topic, only with different names and ideas. Fantastic. Great. Absolutely marvelous. This is so bloody unfair, and Yoongi knows she knows it, too. “I’ll send you the essay requirements later today,” she says with a smile on her lips that just about  screams  triumph, and he wants to wipe it right off her face, preferably with his folder. But if she thinks he’s gonna give up those credits without a fight, she’s wrong. “Yes, professor,” he says instead of cursing out her entire ancestry, speaking through gritted teeth. “Thank you.” He forces his spine into a stiff bow and turns on the heel before his professor can say another word. He storms out of her office, almost knocking over two not-so-tiny freshmen on his way out of the Economics department. “I don’t have time for this shit,” he hisses under his breath, racking his brain for when the hell he’s supposed to find time to write seven whole essays when he still has his internship and his other coursework. “I swear, I’m gonna kill the first person who even thinks about talking to me right—” “There you are, Yoongles!” Okay, maybe not. His best friend comes skipping over, all smiles and cheeriness and definitely more energy than Yoongi knows how to deal with right now. “What’s got you looking so glum?” Hoseok asks and throws an arm around his shoulder, pulling him into a clumsy embrace. “Don’t tell me professor Yeon actually refused to let you pass her course?” “She didn’t,” he says with a grimace. “But she’s making me write an essay on every goddamn guest lecturer that I missed.” “Oh, shit,” Hoseok says, pursing his lips in thought. “That’s, what, six essays?” “Seven.” “Wow.” “Yeah.” Hoseok heaves a deep sigh and pulls a sympathetic look, tutting at the unfairness of it all. It would make Yoongi feel a little bit better, to know someone agrees with how shitty it all is, if Hoseok wasn’t currently leaning all of his weight on his shoulders to drag down his mood even further. “Hoseok, could you—” Whirlwind that he is, his friend jumps up right before Yoongi can even finish his sentence, smiling far too brightly. “Well, I’m not gonna let you sulk for the rest of the semester,” he declares and grabs Yoongi’s hand, almost knocking the folder out of his grip. “Come on, we’re gonna go get you something energizing for all those long writing hours!” While the thought is nice, Yoongi kinda just wants to go home and throw himself onto his bed to indulge in a few hours of self-pity and wallowing. “Hobi, I’m really not in the mood for—” “You’re never in the mood for anything,” Hoseok says and waves a hand around to deflect Yoongi’s excuse. “Which is why you’ve given  me,  your best friend in the whole wide world, the power to make your decisions for you!” “Okay, that’s just bullsh—” “Let’s go!” Yoongi groans, but stops resisting, fully aware of the fact that he’ll never manage to convince Hoseok to let him go home. “Fucking hell,” he mutters, and hopes his friend at least chooses something decent for them to get.  Dunkin’ Donuts. Out of all the places Hoseok could have taken him, he decides on a Dunkin’ fucking Donuts. As if he doesn’t know that Yoongi doesn’t eat sweet things. As if he wasn’t the one who once shoved a piece of frosted strawberry cake in Yoongi’s mouth and then laughed his ass off at the disgusted face Yoongi pulled at the sickeningly sweet taste. Why. “Hoseok, why the hell would you—” “You’ve been chugging so many black coffees lately, bitterness has replaced all the blood in your veins and made you cranky as all heck,” Hoseok says in one breath, huffing for good measure. “If you wanna get through these essays, you’re gonna need some sweet things to chew on while you work.” That’s the dumbest thing Yoongi has ever heard, and he parts his lips to tell Hoseok as much, but his friend yanks him forward by the arm before he can even begin. “No time to waste, Yoongles,” he says loudly, dragging him along. “They’re gonna be all sold out of the new special character donuts! I’ve been wanting to try them ever since they were first announced!” Ah. So that’s why they’re  really  here. Yoongi digs his heels into the ground, but years of dancing has made Hoseok ten times stronger than he is, and so he ends up standing in front of a display full of donuts and pastries of various kinds, trying his best not to breathe too deeply and choke on the sweet smell that clouds the entire shop. Just like Hoseok had mentioned, there are some special character-based donuts, with cutesy packaging and style. If possible, they look even more diabetes-inducing than the others. “The hell even is a  Shooky? ” Yoongi grumbles, glaring at the round cookie-looking character pin sticking up from one of the chocolate-covered donuts. “How is that a character, it’s literally just a face drawn on a brown blob, what the—” “You know,” a bright voice pipes up from behind the counter, “you’re glaring at those donuts like they smacked your sister and offended your entire family.” Had Yoongi been in a better mood, he might’ve ignored the comment or even snorted at it. Alas, he’s in a very shitty mood that doesn’t look like it’s gonna improve anytime soon, so he draws a deep breath and readies himself to repay this guy’s  sass  with some of his own. He looks up, ready to tell the guy to mind his own goddamn business, and promptly loses all the air in his lungs. Oh shit. The guy’s leaning over the counter, chin propped up in his hand, smiling a smile that could rival the sweetness of every single donut in the goddamn shop. His lips are plump and his round cheeks are all bunched up from his smile, and his hair… his hair is pink.  Pink,  just like the frosting on half the donuts in the display. Shit, he’s  pretty.  “Are you okay?” the guy asks and tilts his head a little in curiosity, and Yoongi realises he’s been staring for a good thirty seconds. He snaps his mouth shut—when did he even open it, what the hell?—and looks away, as if staring at the guy for too long would blind him or something. He clears his throat for good measure and actually has to remind himself to say something, because the guy spoke to him twice and he still hasn’t said a word. “Uh, yeah, no, I’m fine,” he says, very intelligently, and reaches up to rub at his neck, a nervous tick. “I’m good, I was just, uh, lost in thought.” The guy giggles, honest to god  giggles.  “Okay,” he says and inches forward a bit across the counter. “Anything I can help you with? You were glaring pretty hard at those donuts.” It takes a moment of Yoongi’s brain to remember that  oh yeah,  the boy actually works here. “Uh,” he utters, quickly reminding himself of what Hoseok had said just before dragging him in here in the first place. “Uh, yeah, I’m gonna be working on some shit for uni,” why,  why  is he so brazen, “and thought I’d get something to, you know…” It takes him a moment to find the proper words. “Keep me motivated?” The guy—Jimin,  his name tag reads—hums thoughtfully as if he knows exactly what Yoongi means. “Been there, done that,” he says smoothly, still smiling that cancer-curing smile. “At least once per semester.” Yoongi chuckles and manages a small smile, which he attempts to hide by turning to the pastry display again. He completely misses the way Jimin’s eyes go a bit wider and his cheeks grow pink. “Yeah,” he mumbles, all the while his brain is  begging  him to say something clever, something funny.  Anything.  “I usually go for coffee, but my friend told me it’s made me bitter as fuck, so here I am.” 
 Why. 
 There’s a moment of silence, during which Yoongi would really love it for the floor to open up and drag him right down to hell where he belongs, but then Jimin emits a string of laughter, his shoulders shaking as he leans heavily over the counter.  Shit,  he’s even prettier when he laughs, and all Yoongi can do is stare at him, wide-eyed, caught in some state of awe and mentally patting himself on the back. “‘S that why you were glaring so hard at the poor donuts?” Jimin asks when he sobers up, his smile somehow wider than before. It makes his eyes disappear into little crescents, which is just about the most precious thing Yoongi has ever seen. His cheeks are also flushed red from laughing, and oh god, he really  is  blinding. “Because your friend suggested eating them might make you sweeter?” “No, I mean, not really,” Yoongi says, ten times more flustered now. “No, I would’ve come anyways, I mean,”  don’t say it, Min Yoongi, don’t you fucking say it,  “I love donuts.” 
 Kill me, kill me now. 
 Jimin giggles at that, covering his mouth with his hand. His tiny hand, Yoongi notices and dies just a little bit more. “That’s cute.” 
 Oh. 
 
 What? 
 “What?” Yoongi voices, eyes wide with alarm. No one’s ever called him  cute  before, except Hoseok and Jin after six rounds of soju. Only then does Jimin seem to realise what he actually said, eyes growing just as wide as Yoongi’s. “Oh my god, no, I mean,” he starts, frantically waving his hands back and forth. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to be rude or anything, oh god, just, you look really cool with the bleached hair and the leather jacket, a-and I just thought it was kinda cute that you like donuts—” He’s really red at this point and Yoongi should probably stop him in his ramble, but he’s busy being utterly and completely star-struck.  I don’t even like donuts,  he thinks, but he doesn’t wanna say it now, because this pretty, adorable guy thinks he’s  cute  because of it. “—so I just said the first thing that came to mind. I’m really sorry if I offended you or something, I really didn’t mean to!” “Uh,” Yoongi says, because no, he doesn’t want Jimin to think he’s  offended.  “No, uh, that’s okay, I’m not offended or anything. Just,” he rubs at his neck again and fails to fight off the warmth of his cheeks, “surprised.” “Oh.” Jimin looks every bit as flustered as Yoongi feels, red-faced and trying very hard to avoid his gaze without making it  obvious  that he’s avoiding his gaze. “Okay, well, um,” he says quietly, fidgeting with the hem of his apron. “Okay, um… oh! Donuts!” He all but flings himself towards the display and pats on the glass, bravely attempting a nonchalant smile. “What donuts were you thinking about getting?” Yoongi’s sure he’s suffering some kind of whiplash from the quick change of subject, and so he only stares blankly at the display for a moment before pointing at the same pastries he’d been giving the death glare a few minutes ago. “Those,” he says. “Those, uh, Shooky things?” “Oh, one of the special character donuts,” Jimin says and nods, gradually recovering from his embarrassment while Yoongi’s still very much caught up in how adorable he looks with his blushing cheeks and shy smile. “Is he your favorite?”  Yes,  Yoongi’s mind supplies helpfully, but his brain-to-mouth filter has already been damaged beyond repair for the day, so what he says instead is, “I mean, it’s literally just a face on a cookie.” Jimin shyness morphs into surprise and Yoongi internally curses his own entire existence, wondering why he can’t just interact like a normal human being.  Shit,  what if Jimin was the one who designed the character, then he literally just insulted his work. Like a massive idiot. A mess of an apology rises to the tip of his tongue, but then Jimin purses his lips into a mighty pout, and Yoongi just about dies on the spot. “I think he’s really cute, though,” Jimin says, crossing his arms for good measure. “His design is maybe a bit simple, but he looks really mischievous and adorable. He’s  cute.” “Yeah,” Yoongi says in a floundering attempt at mending the situation. “Yeah, no, you’re right, absolutely, he’s super cute. You’re right. Definitely my favorite.” Jimin’s pout is gone in an instant and he grins, looking so pleased with himself, Yoongi can’t even be mad at the realisation that he was just played like a goddamn fiddle. “That’s what I thought,” Jimin says primly and reaches for a little box from underneath the counter. “How many did you want?” “Five,” Yoongi says before he can stop to think. “That was foul play, don’t you think?” “I have no idea what you’re talking about, mister,” Jimin sing-songs in a voice like he just won a million dollars. It has Yoongi chuckling again, and Jimin’s grin turns softer, reverting to his earlier shyness as he busies himself with loading the box full of those sugary donuts.  Shit,  Yoongi thinks when Jimin beckons him to the register,  I’m really gonna have to eat five whole goddamn donuts.  He knows he could pass them to Hoseok or literally anyone else, but it would feel like giving away a gift he received from Jimin. Which is stupid, because he’s paying for the pastries, but  still.  “Thank you,” he says when Jimin hands him the box of donuts. It’s covered in those same special characters and a big BT21 logo, and the cookie one, Shooky, looks to be screaming for his life as he’s carried into the sky by a balloon four times his size. Brutal. “You’re welcome,” Jimin says and leans a bit over the counter again, smiling ever so brightly. “I hope to see you again.” Well, shit. Now he’s gonna have to come back and buy more donuts. “Yeah, I’ll probably be back soon,” Yoongi says while his stomach is already doing flips of protest at all the sugar he’s gonna be ingesting. “‘S a long-ass project. A lot of bitterness to replace.” Jimin giggles in that tinkling way and raises a hand to wave him off. With a small smile, Yoongi nods and turns around, only to see Hoseok, whom he’s completely forgotten about for the past ten minutes, standing by the door, waiting for him with a smirk that definitely does not bode well. 
 Shit. 
 As nonchalantly as he can, Yoongi walks over to him and pushes the door open without a word, hoping and praying his friend won’t say anything. But, alas, seeing as he’s missed the past two thousand visits to church, his prayers go unheard. “Don’t think I didn’t see all that,” Hoseok says smugly, nudging him in the side for good measure.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Yoongi says in a deadpan voice and makes a conscious effort to not look at his friend, staring stubbornly at the ground. Hoseok laughs and adapts a sickeningly sweet voice. “My Yoongles is in loooooooove—” “I will literally choke you with your own fanny pack, Hobi.” “Rude.”  Hours later, when Yoongi is just about ready to tear his hairs out in frustration over the first essay he’s writing—at least 5,000 words with a minimum of four official sources—he opens the box of donuts and takes one, glaring at it in suspicion before taking a bite. It’s  terrible.  The frosting alone is sweeter than what he can handle, but the dough is sugary as well, and oh god, it’s full of strawberry jelly that tastes as artificial as those powder juice mixes. It’s hard to chew and even harder to swallow, but the thought of Jimin and his adorable giggle and his precious smile make it easier. “Shit,” he groans and takes another bite, and curses his near future, which will undoubtedly be full of even more of the sugary pastries.  ☀ Jimin doesn’t often daydream on the clock. He likes his job at the Dunkin’ Donuts and he likes to think of himself as hard-working and dedicated. He never touches his phone during work hours and he always smiles at his customers even if he’s tired as heck or in a bad mood. So he doesn’t often daydream, but now, as he’s cleaning behind the counter, now he’s lost in a ridiculous one, a giddy smile tugging at the corners of his lips. They’ve only just opened a few hours ago, and, just like yesterday, Jimin has spent his whole time working thinking about the blonde donut guy—as he has so appropriately named him—and wondering if he’ll come back to the shop today. After all, he said he would come back soon, sand Jimin is inexplicably excited for it. There had been something about the guy that had prompted Jimin to tease him. He was the kind of person his mom had always warned him about, or at least he dressed the part; black leather, earrings and bleached hair, like every cliché bad boy in existence. Not only that, but he’d been scowling like crazy at the display, looking five seconds away from flipping the whole thing over with his bare hands and go on some kind of rampage. Half of Jimin had been intimidated as heck while the other half had been curious to see what would happen if he was to, so to say,  poke the bear.  Of course, the latter half had won, and he had leaned over the counter with a teasing smile and teasing remark, and expected to be cussed out right then and there. Instead, the  bear  had looked at him and gone slack-jawed and wide-eyed, and Jimin, well, Jimin had been smitten. It wasn’t his fault, really. Blonde donut boy had been so  cute,  such a contradiction to the way he dressed. As soon as the scowl had slipped away, the softness of his features had showed, in the pouty lips and narrow eyes, and a complexion so smooth and unblemished Jimin had just wanted to… poke his cheeks. Then the guy had spoken, and oh, his voice had matched his clothes so well, low and dark, a throaty drawl even in his sudden, obvious nervousness. He had cursed a lot, seemingly out of habit, something Jimin had found funnier than it actually was. Probably because blonde donut boy had seemed to realise he’d done it only afterwards and pulled a highly frustrated expression every time, as if he’d been so done with himself for speaking the way he did. It had all been very cute. Jimin has an inkling the guy had lied when he’d said he loves donuts. He’d looked like he had resigned himself to say it, like it had taken a crapton of effort to actually speak the words. And after he’d done it, he had sighed like a man would when they want to facepalm at something dumb. So yeah, Jimin is hardly convinced. 
 But. 
 But since they’d been halfway through their flirting—Jimin likes to think of it as flirting—he hadn’t wanted to call him out on it. Plus, he thinks it’s quite endearing that the guy would lie about something so ridiculous just to have a reason to come back. Maybe just so he can come back to see Jimin. The thought has him smiling so wide his cheeks hurt and he does a little dance around the mop he’s using to scrub the floor. His co-worker and best friend, Taehyung, who’s manning the register, shoots him an amused look, having spent all of yesterday listening to Jimin gush about blonde donut boy. Jimin has only just put away the mop and bucket in the cleaning cupboard when Taehyung skips up next to him and nudges him towards the displays. “You might wanna take over at the register, Chimchim,” he says, looking smug and excited all at once. “A leather-wearing bad boy just entered the premises, and I think you’re better equipped to take care of him.” “What are you even talking abo—” As soon as they reach the register, Jimin sees exactly what Taehyung was talking about. His heart does a little lurch in his chest and his mile-wide smile returns to his lips, and he detaches himself from his friend and all but runs over to the counter. “It’s you!” he exclaims, probably a bit too loudly. Blonde donut boy jumps a little, startled out of his fidgeting halfway between the door and the counter. He’s not wearing leather today, only a black hoodie and a beanie on his head, and paired with the deer-in-headlights look with which he’s staring at Jimin, he looks softer than Jimin could’ve imagined him to be. “Hey,” he says quietly as he walks the rest of the way to the counter, pointedly looking at the display instead of at Jimin. “I’m happy to see you again,” Jimin says and ignores the warmth of his own cheeks in favor of gushing at the redness spreading to blonde donut guy’s ears. “Did you finish all your donuts already?” He thinks he sees a grimace cross the guy’s face, but it’s gone in the blink of an eye. “Yeah, I, uh, I did do that,” he says, burying his hands deep into the pockets of his hoodie. “Yeah. They were,” he pauses for a moment, the ghost of a frown marring his brow as he looks up at Jimin, “good?” Jimin giggles before he can stop himself, raising a hand to his lips to muffle it. “Was that a question?” he asks slyly, and his heart does another little lurch when blonde donut boy grows flustered. “No,” he says, far louder than necessary, only to immediately look away and raise his shoulders a little when some of the other customers look at him, surprised by his outburst. “I mean, no, I swear, they were really good.” Jimin kinda really wants to hug him just then, or at least tell him how cute he’s being, but he’s not brave enough to do either, so he settles for leaning a bit forward on the counter, propping his chin in his hands and offering the guy the brightest smile he can muster. “Good,” he sing-songs. “Then are you here to get some more?” Cute donut boy—or was it blonde donut boy? Jimin can’t remember—nods, albeit with some hesitance. “Yeah. Totally. More,” he says and stares at the display, lost. Yup, Jimin figures he definitely lied about his love for donuts. “Uh, which ones do you like?” “Me?” Jimin is leaning so far over the counter now, only his toes still touch the floor. He feels a little like he’s floating. “Oh, I like the strawberry frosted or jelly donuts,” he says, fully aware that those are some of the sweetest ones they have to offer. Sue him, maybe he wants to tease cute donut boy a little. “Although the double chocolate ones are really good, too…” “Double chocolate…” The guy looks almost a bit pained as he eyes the sugary glaze of the chocolate donut in the display. “Yeah,” he says at last. “Can I have two of those?” He offers Jimin a small smile, and Jimin immediately regrets messing with him. “But, um, those are just what I like,” he says and slides down from the counter so he can wave his hands around in dismissal. “I have an insane sweet tooth, s-so maybe they’re a bit too much for you, or, I mean, for anyone else.” “No, ‘s fine,” cute donut boy says firmly. There’s determination in his smile now, which shouldn’t be so endearing since they’re talking about  donuts,  but it absolutely is and Jimin’s heart does a not so little lurch, backflipping in his chest. “If, um, if you like them, I’m sure they’re really good.” 
 Oh my good god, take me now. 
 “O-okay,” Jimin says, his cheeks growing hot. He can’t seem to stop smiling, however. “You wanna order some coffee to go with it? If you drink it with the donuts, maybe it won’t leave you  completely  bitter.” The guy laughs, he actually  laughs,  bright and carefree, and Jimin has to make a conscious effort to not clench his hands down over his heart just then. Cute donut boy’s smile is wide and gummy and oh, so pretty. It only lasts for a few seconds, but that’s more than enough to make Jimin’s crush go from harmless to giant mutant butterflies rampaging around his stomach. “That sounds good, yeah,” the guy says when he sobers up, his smile mellowing out into something relaxed, comfortable. “Do you do iced americanos?” “Yeah, yup, we sure do,” Jimin says, and great, he’s regressed into rambling mode, like he always does when he’s nervous. He reaches for a plastic cup, and even though they don’t need to take customers’ names here, not like in a Starbucks, he grabs a marker as well. “Can I—what’s your name?” Cute donut boy looks a little surprised, which means he probably  knows  that’s not how a Dunkin’ Donuts works. God, Jimin wants to  die,  but then the guy chuckles and rubs at his neck, and says, “My name’s Yoongi.” 
 Yoongi. 
 
 Shit, that’s a pretty name. 
 “Okay, Yoongi-ssi,” Jimin says and nods, proud of his lack of a stutter. He scribbles it down, biting his lower lip to keep from smiling too widely. “I’ll be right back with your order.” He all but skips over to prepare the drink, squealing silently to himself as he scoops up the ice and pours the coffee. He pops his hip a little when he pushes the lid into place, brimming with energy and needing some way to release some of it. He boxes the double chocolate donuts and is about to take the order over to the register when he gets an idea. He grabs the marker and opens up the box again to write,  good luck with your schoolwork, Yoongi-ssi!! (≧∇≦)/  on the inside of the lid. “Whipped,” Taehyung hums brightly on his way past, and Jimin can’t even find it in him to smack him for his teasing. Giddy with the thought that cute donut boy—Yoongi, his name is Yoongi—will read his message later, he scurries over to the register. “Here you go, Yoongi-ssi,” he says and pushes the box and coffee over to Yoongi before ringing him up. “Enjoy your donuts. And coffee.” “Yeah,” Yoongi says. “Thank you, Jimin.” Jimin’s eyes widen at the call of his name, and cute donut boy’s do the same, although his grow with panic. “I mean, just, your nametag,” he says and tries to point at said tag with his full hands. “Sorry, I should’ve asked if it was okay.” Oh. Oh, no no, don’t worry,” Jimin exclaims, equally flustered. “Sorry, I forget I have the thing on me half the time, so I was just surprised! It’s okay, I’d like it if you—” He cuts himself off before he can say anything more embarrassing and clears his throat. “You can call me Jimin. It’s okay.” Yoongi seems far from eager to do it again, like he’s suffering from whiplash from the whole thing, and Jimin is pretty sure he can hear Taehyung snorting with laughter somewhere by the coffee machines, but he pretends he doesn’t notice. “Okay, then, Jimin,” Yoongi says, very carefully. “I, uh, I’ll see you around.” “Yeah,” Jimin says and nods with more enthusiasm than necessary. “Please come back soon.” He does a internal facepalm as soon as the words are out of his mouth. “I mean, if you want to. If, um, if the donuts are good. Or the coffee. Then you can come back. If you want to.” 
 Kill me now. 
 Yoongi emits a nervous chuckle and nods, and then, probably because he doesn’t trust himself to speak anymore, he leaves, his shoulders pulled up towards his ears until he’s out of the shop. “Wow,” Taehyung says the instant he’s gone, grinning from ear to ear. “I’d like to say you were less of a mess than he was, but then I’d be lying.” “Shut  up,  Taetae,” Jimin groans and slumps over the counter. “Oh god, that was so embarrassing, I looked like an  idiot.” “You sure did,” Taehyung agrees easily, ignoring the offended pout Jimin sends his way, “but so did he, so it’s a plus-minus-zero. It’s hilarious, actually, how he pulls off the bad boy aesthetic so well, but then becomes all,” he gestures vaguely with his hands, as if it’s explanation enough, “as soon as you’re within proximity.” He waggles his eyebrows at Jimin. “It’s precious.” Jimin emits an unintelligible whine and buries his face in his hands, allowing himself just a few seconds of self-pity before forcing himself to snap back into work-mode, lightly smacking his cheeks for good measure. “Okay,” he says to himself. “It’s okay, he said he’ll see me around, which probably means he’s gonna come back, so it’s all good.”
Of course, that was before Jimin made a huge fool of himself, but he’s gonna pretend that’s not true.  He’ll come back again,  he thinks to himself as he goes back to cleaning.  I’m sure he will.   Yoongi does come back. In fact, he comes back several times. Which Jimin is very happy about, because for every visit, he finds himself more and more smitten. Yoongi is always nice and sweet, even though he still carries on with a look that suggests he spends his nights kicking ass and running errands for the mob. He’s adorably shy, which is good, because Jimin doesn’t think he’d be able to handle a confident, outgoing Yoongi. He’d probably die, or something even more dramatic. No, while Yoongi grows more comfortable for every visit, he still stumbles over his words and rubs at his neck and avoids Jimin’s eyes when he feels too shy, all traits that fills Jimin with an urge to coo at him and take his hand. Which he probably would, if he wasn’t so busy being just the same, a whole mess every time he has the chance to talk to Yoongi, over-eager and too excited. But they make it work. Somehow. Yoongi keeps coming to the shop and Jimin keeps leaving little messages in the boxes of his donuts, ranging from  it’ll be cold tomorrow, so dress warmly!  to  your beanie is really cute, Yoongi-ssi uwu. Yoongi never really mentions them when he comes again, but he wears a scarf after Jimin tells him to stay warm and starts wearing the beanie more often. Jimin wishes he could talk to Yoongi for longer than he does, but there are always other customers in the store and never enough time for more than a few minutes of back-and-forth nervous flirting. Yoongi seems to at least share his sentiment; one time, he came into the shop when Jimin wasn’t manning the register. He had frozen at the display and looked like he was having an internal crisis, on the verge of turning on the heel and walking out without buying anything. Jin, who had been working the register at the moment, had heaved a massive sigh and turned to call out “Jimin, your favorite customer’s here again!” He had told Jimin to take over, and so Yoongi and Jimin had spent the entire exchange blushing beet red and flustered, with Jimin apologizing over and over while Yoongi reassured him it was fine, that he should’ve just ordered. Jimin had attempted to stab Jin with a straw afterwards, which, shockingly, had only caused him to laugh and coo over how  cute  he thought Jimin was being. Jimin really needs better friends. One time, Yoongi comes to the store with a friend, one Jimin recognizes from the first time he met Yoongi. He’s all smiles and energy, and while Yoongi is definitely a lot more muted this time—likely a factor of not wanting to embarrass himself in the presence of his friend—he still returns Jimin’s smile and greets him with a mumble of, “Hey, Jimin.” The smile is quick to fade when his friend throws an arm around his shoulder and makes a show of apologizing to Jimin for Yoongi’s “mind-numbing awkwardness,” at which point Yoongi elbows him in the side with little restraint and hisses something at him that’s definitely another curse. He looks mortified by the whole thing, refusing to meet Jimin’s eyes for the rest of his visit, so Jimin writes  is it weird that you look kinda cool when you curse, Yoongi-ssi? on top of the donut box’s lid instead of inside. He deliberately pushes the box towards Yoongi when they pay for their purchase, smiling even though he’s blushing red. The gummy, sheepish grin that spreads over Yoongi’s lips makes it worth the sweaty hands and furiously beating heart. “Hyung,” Yoongi says one day, just as he’s about to walk out of the shop with his box full of donuts. Jimin blinks at him, having been lost in his little “watching-Yoongi-leave” moment. “Hu-what?” he utters, very intelligently. “You can call me hyung,” Yoongi says, staring stubbornly at Jimin’s apron. “Yoongi-ssi  sounds too…” He flounders for a moment, lips parting and closing again, until he finally settles on just finishing with a mumble of, “Yeah.” “Oh.” Jimin smiles, a shy curl of his lips. “Okay,” he says quietly. “Yoongi-hyung.” Yoongi’s glances at him and nods, smiling. “Yeah,” he says again. “See you around, Jiminie.” He leaves the store before Jimin can do more than gape at him in surprise at the endearment, warmth rushing to his cheeks. Oh, he likes that, he likes that a lot. He likes that Yoongi wants them to be on more familiar terms, because that means that even though they only talk for a few minutes every few days, it’s still just as important to Yoongi as it is to Jimin. So he decides he’s gonna do it. He’s gonna give Yoongi his number. It’s not like it’s a very difficult thing to do, since he has a perfect way to do it without actually having to be face to face with Yoongi and hand it over. He can just scribble it down on the inside of the donut box lid, and he won’t have to suffer through seeing whatever expression Yoongi will pull upon the realisation. Yoongi will be none the wiser until he’s at home, craving a donut that he probably doesn’t really wanna eat. So it’s an easy thing to do. Except it really isn’t. Jimin is crazy nervous throughout Yoongi’s next visit to the shop. He stutters when he speaks and he can’t make himself meet Yoongi’s eyes. He even types in the order wrong, which has him wondering if he’d be less tense if he actually just straight out asked for Yoongi’s number instead. But no, he has a plan and he’s gonna stick to it. He must be terribly obvious, because after he’s done writing down his number with shaky hands—and terrible handwriting—and he brings the box to Yoongi, Yoongi lingers, frowning slightly as he leans a bit over the counter. “Are you okay, Jiminie?” he asks, and that doesn’t make it  any  better. “O-oh, yeah, I’m fine,” he says and waves his hands with far too much urgency for it to be reassuring in any way. “Just, uh, just got something on my mind that’s got me a bit… jumpy?” His voice lilts into a question, because he doesn’t really know what word would be appropriate to use without giving himself away. “I’m okay,” he says, managing a little smile. “Thank you for worrying, hyung.” “Yeah,” Yoongi says and leans back.  Yeah,  Jimin has learned, is like his default reply when he doesn’t really know what to say. Still, he returns Jimin’s smile and grabs his box of donuts—Jimin’s heart does five somersaults in his chest—and moves to leave. “Bye bye, Jiminie.” “Bye, Yoongi-hyung,” Jimin says thinly and gives an awkward wave, and doesn’t breathe again until Yoongi has left the store. As soon as he does, Jimin slides down the counter until he’s curled up on the floor behind the register, muffling his whines into his arms. “You’re so pathetic, my love,” Taehyung says with a voice that’s far too affectionate for his words. Jimin ignores him, and continues his wallowing. His phone buzzes in his pocket only a few minutes after Yoongi leaves, and he doesn’t usually check his phone at work, but he can’t help it this time. He jerks out of his daze and scrambles for his phone, almost dropping it in the process of checking the messages he received. From: unknown number
[04:38PM]:
hey
it’s me
i mean it’s yoongi
so i’m probably messaging you way too fast, but
 you wanna go see a movie on saturday?  If his manager yells at him for smiling like a fool and being distracted the rest of the day, Jimin decides it’s totally worth it.  To: Yoongi-hyung <3 
 [04:40PM]: 
 i’d love to, hyung ♡    From: Yoongi-hyung <3 
 [08:13PM]: 
 wait is this why you were so jumpy today??   To: Yoongi-hyung <3 
 [08:15PM]: 
 hyungggggggggggg >__<’   From: Yoongi-hyung <3 
 [08:15PM]: 
 :) 
 cute   To: Yoongi-hyung <3 
 [08:16PM]: 
 !!!   ☾ Yoongi is picking Jimin up in fifteen minutes, and he’s just shy of shitting bricks in nervousness. He’s already there, standing on the opposite side of the street to not be weird about it and show up way too early. He keeps opening and closing his phone, checking the time twice every minute and arguing with himself about whether or not he should just go over and wait inside the shop. He probably shouldn’t even be going on this date, because he’s still got one more essay left and only two days until his deadline, but, well… Like hell is he gonna give up a date with Jimin for listening to some professor in marketing drone on and on about the importance of branding when he’s already heard it six times. He even asked Namjoon for advice on what to wear—he has  not  told Hoseok he’s going on a date—and after a good twenty minutes of Namjoon marveling over how great it is Yoongi has managed to find someone, he helped him pick out his best tight-fitting, ripped jeans and a soft yellow sweater, because  “You’re not wearing all black to your first date with this guy, hyung!”  At least Namjoon let him wear his leather jacket. When there are only seven minutes left before the end of Jimin’s shift, he decides it’s good enough and crosses the street, only to stop again a few meters away from the door, because fuck, what if he freezes up and ends up making an ass out of himself? Sure, they’ve been texting a lot since Jimin gave him his number, but that’s  texting.  It’s different when you’re face to face. “Okay,” he says to himself, ignoring the people giving him strange looks. “Okay, it’ll be fine, just open on a joke or something. Make him laugh, that’ll break the ice.” He runs his hand through his hair and spends a good two minutes racking his brain for an actual joke to make. “Alright, it’s go time.” He spots Jimin as soon as he pushes open the door, all sunshine smiles and cheeriness as he talks to another customer while ringing up their purchase. Even from this distance, Yoongi can tell he looks a bit different; his hair is styled to be fluffier than usual—god help him—and he’s definitely wearing a bit of makeup—nevermind, no gods can help him there—and there’s an air around him like he’s the happiest thing in the whole universe. 
 Fuck. 
  Okay, no, you can do this,  Yoongi tells himself, doing his best to psych himself up.  Just make him laugh, it’ll be smooth sailings from there on.  As soon as Jimin is done with his customer, Yoongi walks over to the register. If possible, Jimin’s smile widens even further at the sight of him, and Yoongi doesn’t give himself time to falter, he refuses to let his nerves get the better of him. He doesn’t stop until he’s right in front of Jimin, and then he asks, “Hey, do you sell donuts?” A moment of absolute silence follows his words, during which Jimin’s smile drops and his eyes grow wide. Just as Yoongi starts fretting he’s done something horribly wrong, Jimin emits an incoherent squeak and takes a step back, burying his face in his hands. It does a poor job of hiding just how red his ears go. Yoongi is rapidly descending towards some kind of panic. “Jimin, what—” The rest of his question is lost in a cackle of laughter, and he whips around to see the red-haired guy Jimin always jokes around with when Yoongi shows up to the store. “Oh my god,” he chortles, clapping his hands like a seal. “Oh my  god,  out of all the jokes to make, you chose that one, this is so amazing!” Yoongi looks helplessly between the guy—Taehyung, his name tag reads—and Jimin, who whines into his hands. “I, uh,” he begins, at a complete loss, because right now, he’s extremely worried he has accidentally made Jimin cry. “What?” “You’re in a Dunkin’ Donuts, my man,” Taehyung snorts, fanning his face. “If anyone asks that question of us employees, we have to do a little,” he draws a few circles in the air, grinning from ear to ear, “dance thing. So Chimmy Chim Chim here, who’s been oh so excited for your date, is just a  liiiiittle  bit—” Jimin takes one hand off his face to none too gently swat at his friend’s arm, and Taehyung doesn’t even try to dodge, still smiling like the goddamn devil. Yoongi, on the other hand, is freaking the heck out, because the last thing he wanted to do was to embarrass Jimin. “Fuck,” is the first thing out of his mouth, which is hardly appropriate. “I mean, shit, oh god, I mean, you don’t have to do that, fuck, I had no idea,” he rambles, hardly an improvement on his initial statement. “I’m sorry, Jiminie, seriously, I swear I didn’t know.” Jimin nods against the security of his hands and very slowly lowers them from his face, which is beet red. “It’s okay, hyung,” he says, although he keeps staring at his feet. “I was just a little surprised, and, um…” He sighs and shakes his head, lips pursing into a pout. “‘S embarrassing.”  Way to go, dickhead,  Yoongi yells inwardly, desperately wishing he could rewind the past three minutes. “Jimin, I’m really—” “It’s  fine,  it’s fine!” Taehyung throws an arm around Jimin’s shoulders and nudges him towards the employees’ room, waving a hand to deflect Yoongi’s apology. “I’m gonna have him change out of his uniform,” he says cheerfully. “He’ll be ready for you in five minutes, donut boy.” “Donut boy,” Yoongi repeats mechanically and watches Taehyung drag a still furiously blushing Jimin after him. For the umpteenth time since getting to know Jimin, he’s left suffering some kind of whiplash, blind to the people in the shop staring at him or whispering amongst each other in confusion. True to his word, Taehyung emerges with Jimin in tow five minutes later. Gone is the apron and the plain uniform; instead, Jimin is wearing an oversized, black and white striped shirt with sleeves that practically swallow his small hands, and snug jeans that show off just how thick his thighs are. Which is something Yoongi hasn’t known. Because Jimin has always been behind the counter. Okay.
He can handle this. Under the hem of his jeans, Yoongi thinks he can also spot Jimin wearing pastel blue socks with a little ribbon at the side, but Taehyung has dragged him all the way over by then, so Yoongi quickly looks up. “You two have fun,” he says brightly, as if he isn’t aware of how painfully shy the two of them are gonna be. “I’ll be hearing all the details later, and I do mean  all  the details, so be nice to my Chimchim, okay, Yoongi-hyung?” Yoongi isn’t sure who gave Taehyung permission to address him so casually, but he can’t bring himself to care, not when Jimin takes a few timid steps closer and briefly meets his eyes, a small smile on his lips. “Sorry about before, hyung,” he says. “I was just a bit nervous.” “No, it’s okay,” Yoongi is quick to say, still kicking himself for being so dumb. “I was basically shitting myself with nerves,” wow, he really is charming, “so I thought making a joke would break the tension a bit.” He rubs at his neck. “Sorry.” That does make Jimin laugh, if only that little giggle that Yoongi adores so much. “Okay,” he says softly and raises his head. His cheeks are still very rosy, but at least he’s smiling. “You look really nice in yellow, hyung.” Thank all the gods for Kim Namjoon. “Oh, um, thanks,” Yoongi says, not really used to being complimented so directly. “Your makeup is pretty. And your hair. And your clothes, but, I mean…” He sighs, inwardly cursing himself for being so, so awkward. “You’re very pretty, Jiminie.” Jimin doesn’t seem to share his bitter view of himself, choosing instead to lightly swat at his arm, giggling. “You’re sweet,” he says with a giggle. “This blush is never gonna go down if you keep saying things like that.” “Oh.” Yoongi presses his lips together around a smile. “Well,” he says and clears his throat, “maybe I don’t want it to go down.” 
 Yup, that’s how you flirt. 
 Jimin’s smile grows impossibly wide and Yoongi feels like he’s just won the Olympics, but before he has the chance to bask in it at all, Taehyung ushers them towards the door, shooing them outside. “You can moon over each other all you want on your way to the movies,” he says primly, pretending he can’t feel Jimin’s murderous glare, “but you’re holding up the other customers in here, so scram, you two.” With that, they’re shoved outside, where they stand around for a few seconds before Yoongi has the sense to clear his throat and actually say something productive. “We should probably get going,” he says and gestures vaguely in the direction of the cinema. “The movie starts in thirty minutes.” “Okay,” Jimin chirps and makes a movement like he wants to reach out and take Yoongi’s hand, only to immediately change his mind and clasp his own behind his back, his shyness flaring visibly. “Lead the way, hyung.” The small movement prompts a fifteen-second internal war in Yoongi, where he tries to decide whether he should take Jimin’s hand or not. It ends quickly enough, when he realises they’re walking in silence, at which point he clears his throat for probably the third time in five minutes and asks, “So what do usually do on your free time?” It’s a bit awkward and a lot stilted, but the more they talk, the more comfortable they become in each others’ presence. Jimin tells him he’s studying contemporary dance at one of the most prestigious art schools in Seoul, and that when he’s not working or practicing, he likes to just relax at home and read a book or watch a movie, or go drinking with his friends. Yoongi, in turn, tells Jimin about music production and the internship he had, and works himself up a little when he starts ranting about his stupid marketing course essays that were so unfair. Thankfully, he manages to reign himself in enough to not say bad things about his professor, although he does mention the lipstick incident, which has Jimin laughing so hard he ends up leaning against Yoongi’s side as they walk. Yoongi doesn’t complain. They make it to the cinema in time to get some popcorn and sodas before the previews start. It’s the new Avengers movie—Jimin had mentioned wanting to see it—even though Yoongi has already watched it once, with Hoseok. He doesn’t mind watching it again, though; on the contrary, he’s kinda excited to see Jimin’s reaction to the final act. They keep whispering amongst one another all the way until the movie starts, at which point Yoongi immediately regrets choosing a  movie  for their first date, because he wants to keep talking to Jimin, even if he doesn’t really know about  what  he wants to talk. But still, when Jimin emits a little squeal of excitement, he figures worse things could happen. Halfway through the movie, Jimin puts his hand on Yoongi’s where it rests on the armrest and squeezes, and Yoongi promptly loses focus on the entire plot and just sits there, simmering with  feels.  He carefully turns their hands around so he’s the one holding Jimin’s—which is so small compared to his, he kind of wants to just melt—and catches Jimin smiling shyly from the corner of his eye. Even if his heart does decide to beat its way right out of his chest, Yoongi decides it’ll definitely be worth it. Yoongi coaxes Jimin through the final stage of the movie, unable to keep from grinning while he keeps whispering his denial over what’s going on, hissing, “No way, they can’t do that, what the hell? There’s no way this is real, this is so wrong, oh my god, what even?” He only settles when Yoongi shushes him gently and strokes the back of his hand, but he flares up again not two minutes later to grit out the same incredulity. After the movie is over, Jimin covers his face with his hands and refuses to drop them, demanding that Yoongi lead him to the bathroom so he can fix his makeup, which got smudged amidst his efforts to not burst into tears. He complains about the movie all the way, and as soon as he steps outside, makeup on point and perfect once again, he continues with his rant. Yoongi hums and agrees whenever Jimin pauses to draw breath, terribly endeared by how emotional he is by the events of the movie. They leave the cinema and walk around aimlessly, and only when Jimin’s rant is over does Yoongi reassure him that everything will probably be fixed in the second part of the duology and that things can’t stay as bad as they are now. “Yeah, I know,” Jimin huffs, pouting. His lips are shiny with gloss, and Yoongi has to force himself to look away. “But  still,  how could they leave us on a cliffhanger like that? The next movie won’t be out for over a  year,  how do they expect us to wait that long?” Without expecting an answer, he shakes his head and offers Yoongi a sheepish smile. “Sorry for ranting so much. I just got really invested in it.” “It’s okay,” Yoongi says with a chuckle. “You were really passionate about it. It was cute.” Jimin giggles and bumps his shoulder against Yoongi’s on purpose for his teasing. He doesn’t lean very far away, however, settling into walking so close their arms brush together. Yoongi has no idea where they’re walking, but Jimin doesn’t seem to mind, both reluctant to part ways now that the movie is over. They keep talking about it and speculating what could happen next, until Yoongi is sure they’ve walked in a circle around the cinema five times already. Suddenly, Jimin pulls to a halt and points at something down the street. “Look,” he says, his smile turning a tad smug for some reason. “Wanna go get something to eat?” Yoongi follows the given direction and promptly stiffens at the sight of a Dunkin’ Donuts halfway down the street.  Oh god.  “Uh,” is all he manages to come up with, because no, he hasn’t eaten anything except popcorn since his late lunch, and he’s pretty sure even the sight of a donut would turn his stomach upside down. “We could get something to go and find a nice place to sit and eat,” Jimin says. He’s definitely too cheerful for finding a shop he works at almost every day of the week, just shy of grinning. “Since you  love  donuts, hyung.” 
 Fuck. 
 The time has come. Time for Yoongi to confess to his lie, the lie on which their whole acquaintanceship is based on. “Um, yeah,” he says, fidgeting, and shit, it’s not like he stole the declaration of independence or anything, but it’s still nervous as all heck, “about that, Jimin…” His lips move soundlessly for a few moments, until Jimin emits a tinkling giggle and puts a hand on his arm. “You know, I don’t actually  make  the donuts, hyung,” he says brightly, “so you won’t make me upset if you’re totally honest about them.” “Oh, thank fuck.” Yoongi deflates like a balloon, his shoulders slumping as he buries his face in his hands. “Oh god, I swear I’m still gonna get diabetes,” he groans, shuddering at the memory of the last batch of donuts he’d bought, covered in a sugary glaze. “Fuck, I thought I was gonna die.” Jimin descends into a fit of laughter, one that immediately has Yoongi rapidly pulling away from his momentary relief. “I’m sorry I lied, Jiminie,” he says, fidgeting. “I just, shit, I wanted an excuse to come see you again and I didn’t have the guts to ask you out at the time, so I just said the first thing that came to my head,” he doesn’t even notice Jimin has stopped laughing, “even though I actually can’t stand sweet things, and I could’ve just  not  eaten the donuts, but that would’ve felt wrong, because—” He’s abruptly cut off by a pair of plush lips pressing against his own, sweet and soft and so surprising he can’t gather his wits in time to actually respond before Jimin pulls back, cheeks bright red and blushing. “Was that too sweet?” he asks, and god, he’s doing this thing where he clasps his hands behind his back and pulls up his shoulders, as if he’s trying to make himself look small in his worry of overstepping. Yoongi just wants to  hug,  so he takes a step closer and carefully places his hands on Jimin’s arms, gaze flickering between his eyes and lips. “It was good,” he says. His mind is a bit numb, which is probably why he starts rambling like an idiot. “Not too sweet. Actually, I don’t think I got a proper taste, so you should probably do it again, if you want, I mean, you don’t have to—” “Oh my god, hyung,” Jimin giggles and pulls him in by his sweater until he can kiss him again. It has Yoongi’s heart lurching to his throat and he feels warm all over, but he tightens his hold on Jimin just a fraction and pulls him closer until they’re chest to chest, careful in the way he presses a bit more firmly against Jimin’s lips. Jimin sighs into it, and Yoongi is fairly certain he has died and gone to heaven. He pulls back to leave a brief succession of little pecks on Jimin’s lips, until Jimin is smiling so widely he has to stop. They’re really close and Yoongi should probably let go, but he doesn’t want to. Which Jimin seems to have no problems with, staying put where he is and toying with the zipper of Yoongi’s jacket. “I actually knew about you not liking donuts this whole time,” he says after a moment of silence, peering up at Yoongi through his lashes. 
 Shit. 
 “Shit,” Yoongi voices, and Jimin giggles in his arms. “How’d you know?” Jimin rolls his eyes like it’s the most obvious question in the world. “Because every time you had to choose which donuts to buy,” he says, “you pulled this face like you were preparing yourself for war.” He attempts to mimic the expression, schooling his face into a hardened mask that lasts for a good two seconds before he starts giggling again. Yoongi can’t help but join in, chuckling and shaking his head. “I was seriously suffering through every box,” he says. “Hoseok even told me I should stop after I’d bought five, since they were turning me into—his words, not mine—an even bigger bitch.” Jimin’s laughter escalates and he knocks his head down on Yoongi’s shoulder until it passes, uncaring of the people passing by and sending odd looks their way. When he does sober up, he clears his throat softly and straightens up, dropping a final quick peck onto Yoongi’s lips before pushing gently against his chest to make him let go. “Wanna get something to eat?” he asks, still a bit shy. “Not donuts, but something.” “Yeah,” Yoongi says and, after only a moment of hesitation, takes Jimin’s hand in his, entwining their fingers. “I think I saw a place where you can get deep-fried hot dogs with different flavors and shit.” “Sounds good, hyung,” Jimin says, a teasing lilt to his voice. “I mean, not the  shit,  but the hot dogs.” Yoongi smiles sheepishly and Jimin squeezes his hand, giggling as he pulls him along towards the little shop. As they sit on a bench with their hot dogs and watch the sun set over the Seoul skyline, still hand in hand, Yoongi figures that maybe life isn’t all that unfair, after all. “Jimin-ah,” Hoseok says, slinging an arm around Jimin’s shoulders after a particularly gruelling dance practice, “I think you should meet my friends.”And that’s how Jimin finds himself in the juniors’ college dorm at four-thirty pm on a Friday. The invitation is automatically extended to Jeongguk and Taehyung when Hoseok remembers that the trio are friends and they all set off together. Hoseok and Taehyung talk non-stop about the dance choreography, the showcase and then the different types of music they liked, with Jimin laughing at all the jokes and chipping in whenever there’s a space in the conversation and Jeongguk simply nods along, occasionally pulling a silly face at the same time as Taehyung.They make their way to Hoseok’s dorm; Jimin pulls at the collar of his tank top in vain in an attempt to get rid of the sweat that he knows has probably collected there. It’s only halfway through the journey does Jimin remember that Hoseok was considered one of the college’s “cool kids” along with the student body president and the two underground rappers. It’s something that’s easy to forget once you’ve seen the dance leader rock out to “Ice Cream Cake” too many times.So Jimin’s a little nervous by the time Hoseok opens the door to his more spacious dorm room, but the dance leader nudges Jimin in and he feels slightly more at ease knowing that they were friends with Hoseok. They couldn’t be that bad.Besides, he always had escape plans with Taehyung prepared.“Guys,” Hoseok says, “this is Jeongguk, Taehyung and Jimin. They’re from-“ “Jeongguk,” says a voice in the corner and they all turn to face it, Jeongguk pales slightly under the attention, but he stands a little straighter.“Nice to meet you!” says the voice, and Jimin just about recognises Kim Seokjin, the student body president and the only senior, as the man introduces himself. “I’ve heard a lot about you,” Seokjin continues, “mostly because you skipped a year and the teachers are really impressed with you! Not that you don’t already know this, but it’s still really impressive.”“Thanks.” Jeongguk says after a lengthy pause, and there’s a quiet snicker in the corner. Seokjin throws a pillow from the bed he’s sitting on towards the laughing man in the corner without hesitating.“That’s Kim Namjoon, the one who just got hit in the face by a pillow,” Hoseok says smoothly, “and mi- Namjoon, where the fuck is Yoongi?”“He’s running late.” Namjoon answers. “Jesus, Seokjin, you throw hard.”Hoseok invites them all in properly, pulling out chairs and offering drinks- “we’ve got Red Bull or vodka, or you can have a death wish and have a mix”- for the three dancers. The conversation, though stilted at first, begins to flow naturally, with Namjoon having a knack for finding conversation topics they can all join in with, and they’re full of stories that range from horrifying to hilarious, and even both- “so you can imagine the campus police’s surprise when they see Namjoon, half-naked from the waist down, hanging from the window of the science lab”. He notices that most stories include the aforementioned Min Yoongi, and when he asks, he just gets a chuckle and a “you’ll see when you meet him"."You know Yoongi," Hoseok says after a while, "he's the one who watches us practice sometimes. He takes photos for the school website."Jimin nods, vaguely remembering a man of around his height with pink hair and a professional looking camera.Taehyung manages to share some stories of their own and they’re good enough to make Hoseok fall over laughing (although it does seem easy). Jimin can’t help but feel proud when Jeongguk mentions any of Jimin’s pranks though, and is met with an appraisive look from Namjoon, the established pranker of the juniors.Soon enough, it’s midnight and they’ve already got plans to hang out the following day with a concerned Seokjin practically forcing them out of the dorm room.“Try to sleep,” Seokjin says worriedly, eyeing the bright, Red Bull inflicted smiles on all three of their faces.Jimin, on a whim, turns around once they reach the end of the corridor and sees Seokjin fussing over another boy. He squints a little to see pale skin, a shock of mint green hair and all black clothes, then promptly trips over his own feet. Taehyung bursts into laughter and Jimin hits him as they make their way down the stairs. He looks back one time to see Seokjin duck back inside the dorm and the mint-haired man staring at him intensely.“Oh my god,” Jimin says, feeling pinned to the spot by the man’s gaze, but Taehyung grabs his arm and drags him back to their room, whining about their sweaty clothes along the way.  It’s the next day when Jimin meets Yoongi properly.He’s managed to dress relatively nicely, eager on making a good second impression- because those count, alright-, and he’s even slightly early: Taehyung and Jeongguk were too busy doing…whatever they were doing (probably each other, Jimin muses) and Hoseok and his friends were planning on meeting them at the coffee-shop.He’s found a table big enough for seven- Seokjin had sent a text to him when Jimin had admitted he was already there, stating that the elusive Min Yoongi was, in fact, coming- by the window and he’s already got a cup of coffee that has too much sugar and milk in it to be healthy. Candy Crush is loaded up on his phone when he hears a cough from above him. Jimin’s head shoots up in surprise and he’s halfway through the word “hello” when he trails off. It’s the mint haired man from the previous night, and Jimin can’t help but think that he’s unfairly pretty up close. The first thing he notices is that the man- his hyung, Jimin remembers- is pale, with milky white skin and how it only accentuates the shock of mint green hair and the pink of his lips. The second thing he notices is the tight grip the man has on his cup of coffee.“Park Jimin?” he asks, his voice a little hoarse. If Jimin didn’t know better, he’d say it was still thick from sleep, but it’s almost two thirty in the afternoon. All Jimin can do is nod.“Min Yoongi,” the man says and he proceeds to sit next to Jimin, “nice to meet you.”Jimin’s just about to splutter out his reply when Yoongi pulls on the expensive headphones wrapped around his neck and opens his laptop, starting it up without a second glance at the younger man. Within seconds, he’s got his producing software loaded up and he’s working furiously, leaving Jimin silently staring in both awe and shock.He’s a little disappointed, honestly. From the stories they were told last night, Jimin was someone more outgoing and not completely antisocial, and when Jimin moves a little closer towards Yoongi to get away from the cold air blasting at him with each swing of the door, Yoongi shifts away from Jimin. It’s a small, barely noticeable move, but Jimin still sees how the corner of Yoongi's mouth twitches in displeasure and he can't help the brief annoyance that flashes through his body, and he sits back in his chair and sulks.Barely five minutes have passed and Jimin’s still reeling from the impoliteness. An idea flickers into his head as he notices, once more, the protective hold Yoongi has on his venti cup of coffee, the smell of it bitter and strong and he smirks to himself. True to form, Hoseok, Namjoon and Seokjin arrive exactly on time. Hoseok practically smacks the headphones off Yoongi, ignoring Yoongi's disgruntled shouts and Namjoon dives to the seat next to the man to listen to whatever changes he's done to the track. Taehyung and Jeongguk are only ten minutes late and everyone ignores their flushed cheeks and mussed hair as they halfheartedly apologise, sliding into the seats next to Jimin. The conversation starts pretty soon, somehow resulting in Jimin listening to Jeongguk and Namjoon arguing about the best way to get rid of fruit flies. He hears Hoseok cough and lean forward."Yoongi," he hears Hoseok say quietly, "that's Taehyung, Jeongguk and you're sitting next to-""Jimin, I know," Yoongi says clippedly, still working on the song. Hoseok narrows his eyes."I never told you that." Hoseok says pointedly and Yoongi coughs. Jimin looks closer and sees a blush creeping up Yoongi's neck but he dismisses it as a trick of the light. "You did." Yoongi says shortly and Hoseok grins widely."No, I told you ages ago when you did your photography project. I haven't reminded you since-""You probably forgot," Yoongi interrupts faintly, and again he shifts away from Jimin, unaware of Jimin's hyper-awareness.The younger man practically seethes at the sheer nerve of Min Yoongi and he proceeds to ignore the on-going conversation, throwing himself into the fruit flies argument wholeheartedly. To Jimin's credit, he does try to give Yoongi some more chances after that but every attempt to start a conversation is brutally ended by Yoongi either making a low grunt in reply or him simply staring at the younger before turning to converse with someone else. Others are noticing it too: Taehyung meets Jimin's confused look with a shrug after Yoongi goes from ignoring Jimin's attempts at discussing his song to comparing aegyo with Hoseok. It's when Seokjin frowns at Yoongi that Jimin realises that Yoongi isn't just being the normal, prickly self that he's been described as: he's being an extra special dick to Jimin in particular.So Jimin gives up on giving Yoongi chances and waits.            His opportunity comes when Yoongi disappears to the toilet. He wastes no time, sliding the giant coffee cup towards him and fishing out the saltshaker from behind the menu. The conversation halts as Jimin pries the lid off Yoongi's coffee cup and the juniors practically scream as Jimin readies himself with the shaker angled precariously over the large cup."What the fuck," Namjoon says slowly, "are you doing.""Putting salt in Yoongi-hyung's coffee?" Jimin replies unsurely."You’re too good of a dancer to die," Hoseok says and he leans forward in an attempt to protect the coffee and Jimin, out of reflex, taps the shaker. They all hold their breath as they watch a few granules of the salt drop into the coffee."It was nice knowing you," Hoseok says quickly, "I’ll make sure your funeral is nice-""-We can try to protect you, but honestly, I don't want to die because of Yoongi-" Namjoon continues, ignoring Taehyung and Jeongguk's amused looks."Jimin, as Yoongi's only hyung, I can try to make your death less painful but- oh my god what are you doing." Seokjin starts but his voice tapers off into a high babble as Jimin shrugs and continues to shake more salt into the coffee."Go hard or go home," Jimin says in shaky English and Namjoon barks out a vaguely terrified laugh. Half of the salt from the shaker has disappeared into Yoongi's coffee and Jimin can't help but wonder if it's better for one gulp of coffee to be unexplainably salty but he reaches for a wooden stirrer anyway, choosing instead to ruin every single sip of the drink. He winces as he feels the granules that have collected at the bottom, knowing that the salt taste couldn't be missed.He pops the lid back on and moves it back towards its original place, hoping that the older boy wouldn't initially notice the millimetre difference.Everyone around the table is squabbling slightly- Jeongguk and Taehyung have moved on, talking about the new Avengers movie whilst Hoseok listens distractedly, but Namjoon is still staring at Yoongi's coffee cup in horror. He tries to ignore Namjoon's questioning look, knowing that he'd probably be dismissed as irrational or childish, but he finally breaks, mumbling, "Yoongi-hyung was being a dick" with a pout and the older man laughs.           They’re all depressingly obvious when Yoongi saunters out the bathroom. Seokjin giggles, Namjoon and Hoseok shiftily avoid his gaze, Hoseok nearly breaking out into breathless laughter, Taehyung starts to try drinking his entire cup of tea and Jimin can't help but blush. The only one who acts normal is Jeongguk, who sits there, quietly sipping from his tea and listening to Namjoon's philosophical rant, ignoring how Namjoon's voice is gradually getting quieter. Yoongi sits down in his spot, next to Jimin, and Jimin ignores how their thighs brush against each other. He shifts his body to face Jimin slightly."Jimin-ah," Yoongi says confidently, and Jimin's breath stutters in his chest, "what are you studying?"Jimin gapes for a few seconds. Yoongi raises an eyebrow in response, obviously waiting for an answer."I’m a dance major, freshman," Jimin says unsurely, his voice slightly shaky and he's pretty sure it's close to cracking. Yoongi nods, as if he's committing this information to memory, and he begins to turn away. Jimin frowns at the one-sidedness of the conversation."What about you, hyung?" Jimin asks and Yoongi stops turning."Music major, junior," Yoongi says, imitating Jimin's shaky voice and Jimin can't help but laugh at the terrible impression. He nearly ducks his head in embarrassment but he stops when Yoongi grins back, his smile wide and gummy and bright and Jimin almost sees the world around him fade into a blur. It’s ridiculous, really, seeing as it's the first proper conversation they've had and Jimin's just put salt in Yoongi's goddamn coffee because the elder was being a dick to him.But still. Yoongi ducks his head and fiddles with his hands, his green hair covering the fading smile and he remembers that crushes are irrational and a pain in the ass. It doesn't exactly his heart from fluttering and he takes a deep breath in.And he forcefully exhales as Yoongi's hands drift towards the coffee cup. He doesn't take a sip though, instead letting any warmth from the cup warm his hands, and Jimin's pretty sure everyone's holding their breath. Yoongi takes opportunity in the lull of the conversation to start discussing the changes to a song he's working on with his fellow rappers- "boys," Seokjin says pleadingly, "no mixtape talk at the table"- and it's pretty interesting. Jimin's never met anybody as passionate about music as Yoongi and to hear him talk about his music is not helping Jimin try to suppress the fledgling crush."Maybe Seokjin could sing on one of the tracks again-" Namjoon starts but he falters once he sees the dark look Seokjin sends his way. "Namjoon, the last time I sang on a track, you made me do it in English.""It sounded good!" Namjoon protests and Seokjin's glare lessens slightly, before he blinks, and it returns in full force."You didn't translate it for me." he says darkly and there’s a brief silence as the two have a silent conversation that’s interrupted by Hoseok sniggering, remembering the song."Do you need singers?" Jeongguk asks curiously, looking at Namjoon as he asks, but Yoongi answers instead."Maybe," he says apathetically, "it depends on the direction that we take the track in. It would be nice to have a vocalist though.""We all sing," Jeongguk says, motioning to all the freshmen, "we're pretty good."Hoseok practically screams in excitement. Yoongi leans forward, slightly appraising, and he stares at Jeongguk."All three of you." he says and Jeongguk nods matter-of-factly."We all had vocal training in our high school," Jimin explains, "so we're pretty good.""I bet," Yoongi says, staring straight at Jimin and he picks up the coffee. Jimin can't help but squeak in terror and Yoongi frowns as he takes a sip.To his credit, he doesn't even flinch. Everyone around the table is staring at Yoongi as he doesn't stop drinking, his small sip turning into him chugging down all of the drink that's left, still staring at a terrified Jimin. It’s an intense gaze, but not predatory in any way: it's more triumphant and knowing, and Jimin can't help but stare back in awe and squirm a little as Yoongi drinks the last drop of disgustingly salty coffee.Yoongi's tongue darts out to lick a drop of the drink left at the side of his mouth. He doesn't look affected at all by the taste and Jimin's eyes widen in awe. "Holy shit," he breathes out, "that was amazing."Yoongi shrugs nonchalantly. Jimin's pretty sure he's in love.  “I think I'm in love,” Jimin whispers to a bemused Taehyung. He feels warmth against his leg and he immediately panics, tensing up: what if it's some coffee spilt on him, or-“I think he loves you back,” Taehyung whispers back jokingly, pointing subtly to Jimin’s leg. His eyes widen immediately as they dart down to see Yoongi’s thigh willingly pressed up against his. It’s as if the older man had sensed the sudden tenseness and his leg twitches forward slightly, no longer against Jimin’s thigh, and Jimin can't help but frown.He can't help but look back up at Yoongi and sees the mint haired man listening to Namjoon and Hoseok, who've somehow ended up talking about their songs again. His long fingers- pianist's hands, Jimin thinks to himself- are drumming against the table in an obvious replica of the beat they're discussing, the corners of his pink mouth are pulled down in a half pout half smile, and his eyes are narrowed in thought. All his concentration has to be dedicated to the conversation, so Jimin brushes off the brief contact as an accident.But because he’s Park Jimin, he can't resist pushing back against Yoongi, pressing against the holder’s thigh and knocking his leg into the wooden leg of the table. All the liquid in everyone’s cups- except, obviously, Yoongi’s- shakes a little, with Jeongguk’s barely touched tea spilling slightly.Everyone’s gaze flicks to an apologetic Jimin, but Yoongi’s the only one to elbow him with a quiet “dumbass” that somehow only feels fond.“I just want to let you know that I was joking when I said he liked you back,” Taehyung says quickly and quietly to Jimin once everyone’s conversation resumes, “but because I'm right, I totally called it first, so first dibs on best man.”Jimin smacks Taehyung on the arm in response. After two hours, they decide it’s about time to leaveTo be fair, the group only realise that time's passed once Seokjin asks Namjoon about his philosophy class and how shouldn't it be starting soon? Namjoon heads off pretty soon after that, so everyone else takes it as their cue to leave. Seokjin goes off to study in the library, and Taehyung tries to give another half-hearted excuse but Jeongguk coughs.“We’re halfway through a pillow fight,” he says bluntly. Only Jimin really understands- pillow fight being an actual pillow fight, not a strange euphemism, and that the two’s battles were oddly competitive and lethal- so when the two head off to Jeongguk’s dorm, it’s with confused looks from the two juniors.“Ah, to be young and carefree,” Hoseok says wistfully.“You just want to get laid.” Yoongi says dryly and Jimin chokes on the air.“At least I've had some action this month,” Hoseok retorts, “when was the last time you-”“I'm too busy,” Yoongi interrupts smoothly, “we've been working on our compositions for school and the mixtape, there's been no time for that.”“I could help you with that, if it’s a problem,” Jimin says unthinkingly and Yoongi freezes as Hoseok begins to cackle. Jimin turns, a few steps ahead, until he realises what he's said, and he begins to flush.“I mean,” Jimin begins to babble, “oh my god, I meant like, I could, I don't know, set you up on a date! Well, with myself, but that's not the point, I didn't want to do it like that-”Jimin stops when Hoseok falls to the floor laughing: he's not sure if it's at his own babbling or Yoongi’s face of shock."I'm gonna go,” he says in between fits of laughter.“I'll come with,” Jimin says a little desperately and Hoseok shakes his head frantically.“No, no,” Hoseok say breathlessly, “you stay there, loverboy. Yoongi, I'll see you later.”“Right.” Yoongi says curtly. “Bye.” “Be safe,” Hoseok says before laughing at his own joke, and he sets off in the direction of the dance studio. Jimin’s desperately avoiding Yoongi’s gaze so his eyes are fixed on the ground in embarrassment. He looks up after a few seconds though, the silence unbearable.Besides, he reasons, it’s out there. He might as well follow through.“Hyung,” Jimin says and he's preparing a big speech in his mind, something about how cool the elder is, and how he's so goddamn pretty and how it would be nice to get to know him better, but Yoongi stops him in his tracks with the same look that he had when he downed his drink and Jimin squirms a little.“You drank all the coffee.” Jimin blurts out, as if explaining everything, and he swears he's not pouting.“What?”“You drank all the coffee and it was really impressive and everyone told me really funny cool stories about you and you're surprisingly kind of pretty, so I want to go to another coffee shop and buy you another cup of coffee and I won't put salt in it this time and we can just talk. Get to know each other better, you know? We didn't really talk much.”Yoongi blinks. Jimin’s a little breathless from his talk, and he waits patiently for Yoongi’s reply."What do you mean, I'm kind of pretty?” Yoongi says slowly and Jimin blinks in disbelief.“You think I'm going out with someone who says I'm only “kind of” pretty?”“Hyung,” Jimin whines, “is that really all you got from that?”“Another question,” Yoongi says.“Seriously?” Jimin asks, but it’s more to himself than anything.“Is this really just because I drank that god awful coffee?” Yoongi drawls and Jimin swears he's just being a tease now because there's a smirk playing on Yoongi’s lips that Jimin can't help but blush at.“It was just cool,” Jimin says, “and hardcore. And whilst I kind of want to know how you did it, I mostly want to date you now.”“Because it was hardcore?”Jimin nods eagerly. Yoongi quirks his head to the side thoughtfully.“I don't mind salty stuff,” he says smugly and Jimin nods, accepting the explanation before running the statement through his mind again and he can't even suppress his small giggle. He looks back to see Yoongi staring at him again.“You’re cute, Park Jimin,” Yoongi says and the nickname falls easily from his lips. “Come to the music studio today, the fancy recording booth. It’ll say it's for seniors only, but I’ll be there. Is eight o’clock okay?”Jimin nods dumbly and Yoongi makes a satisfied noise.“Drink some water, you'll be singing for a long time.” Yoongi warns, and Jimin nods again. The older man turns on his heel, ready to leave.“Wait,” Jimin says and Yoongi freezes. He slowly swivels back around and raises an eyebrow in response.“Like a date?” Jimin asks unsurely and Yoongi waits a few seconds, obviously enjoying Jimin’s nervousness."Like a date.” Yoongi says eventually and Jimin smiles widely, his eyes disappearing into small crescents with joy. He waits until Yoongi’s turned around with a faint smile and headed in the direction of the aforementioned music studio and fist punches the air, not caring that he was being sent strange looks from strangers.He’s got a date with Min Yoongi, goddamnit, and all because of a prank.  (Later on, Jimin can't resist bringing another drink filled with salt and Yoongi drinks it all. Of course, this means their kiss tastes a little like salt and cheap coffee, and he's pretty sure the keyboard Yoongi was fiddling with is digging into his thigh, but he honestly couldn't care less.)  Shaw had to admit, it did feel like the universe had a mildly twisted sense of humour. She was looking for Michael’s CIA contact, and it turned out to be Veronica Sinclair. Shaw knew that name.She’d had it on her arm for as long as she could remember.Darkly amused, Shaw found the hotel room where they’d arranged to meet. She knocked. A few seconds later, it swung open.“You must be Sam. Veronica Sinclair,” a brunette offered a hand.It was about that instant Shaw knew she was lying.She was one of the lucky ones, so people said. She’d known friends whose tattoos had been woefully generic: and most people just had to go on relying on blind luck. Most had no way to predict when they’d hear those fateful words.Whereas her arm said, exactly, you must be Sam. Veronica Sinclair. She had a name: she knew who to look for. In a curious few free months, she tracked down every Veronica Sinclair in whatever country she found herself in.She’d not expected much. She didn’t love, she didn’t expect much of a soulmate. It was morbid curiosity, more than anything: which poor fool was unlucky enough to be bonded to someone who couldn’t care back?She hadn’t been very bothered when none of the Veronicas had tattoos matching her first words.Why would she be? She wasn’t one of those soulmate-seekers she’d seen on the news.But it did mean she’d recognize anyone called Veronica Sinclair. This wasn’t one of them. Shaw smiled, and didn’t say a word.Given she needed to talk to the real Veronica, this couldn’t be good. She lashed out: punched. ‘Veronica’ stepped back, and ducked, looking mildly surprised.Then there was a taser, and burning paralysis. Shaw slumped to the floor.‘Veronica’ dragged her by her wrists, bringing her over to a chair. Shaw twitched, trying to shake off the paralysis the moment she came back to awareness.“I read your file,” she was saying. “And I’m kinda a big fan, so I really don’t want to hurt you. I just need the name.”Then she started explaining herself: something about a project called Northern Lights, something about leads. Shaw tuned it out. That sort of thing rarely interested her.Part of her wondered though. It was moments like this she felt certain the universe had a sense of humour. Similar to her sense of humour too, for that matter. Whether that was worth anything, she couldn’t say.But sooner or later she’d have to speak. Then, she’d know for sure. She wasn’t completely sure she wanted to.Then ‘Veronica’ lifted up the iron, heating it all the way up. She bent over, almost straddling Shaw, a bizarrely endearing smile on her face. Still, her eyes gave Shaw a slight chill.She ripped Shaw’s shirt open, ostensibly to give the iron better access. Still, she caught a glimpse of Shaw’s tattoo, curling over her heart, under her top. You must be Sa-“So you’re going to tell me the name of his contact,” ‘Veronica’ said. She tilted her head, curiously.She held the iron close to Shaw’s face: she could feel the heat emanating from it. Shaw couldn’t help a smirk.“One of the things I left out of my file,” Shaw said. “I kind of enjoy this sort of thing.”And there, that near-imperceptible moment when not-Veronica’s eyes widened. She knew those words.“I am so glad you said that,” ‘Veronica’ said, her beaming smile spreading until it lit up all of her face. “I do too.”And then a phone rang, and the people with guns burst in, but all that was rote. Shaw never lost that smirk.She’d never had a high opinion of soulmates, but this? Oh, this was going to be fun.

It's not that Yoongi doesn't like people. He doesn't hate people, he actually doesn't mind them. Hell, sometimes he even likes people, like that old lady at the bus stop, she always smells like strawberry soap and gives him a lime candy everytime she sees him. The thing is that people really, really, have a hard time liking Yoongi.



It's partly his fault. He's not exactly likeable. Yoongi has no problem whatsoever in admitting that he is, in fact, grumpy. And not the cute kind of grumpy, more like the “wow, this guy is rude as fuck and he hates everyone” kind of grumpy.



He wasn't rude and he didn't hate people without having good reasons to. Yoongi was just socially awkward, awfully emotionally constipated and, most importantly, sleepy. Oh, so sleepy. He was lethargic.



Yoongi hasn't had a decent night of sleep since hell knows when. Last time he remembers actually sleeping for more then four hours was two months ago. Truth be told, he's surprised he's still awake and functioning in that moment.



But, shit, it's not his fault if he can't sleep. And he had tried everything. Every single bullshit he found online, every tip on how to sleep well, every “sound of nature” (fucking whales, how could a whale be relaxing?). Once, he even bought one of those yankee candles that costed way too much but were famous for having nice and soothing smells. The result was another sleepless night and a tiny flat that smelled of wood and dead animals.



He was going to sue Yankee, that's what he was going to do.



All of this to say that, since he was not sleeping, his lack of rest provided him with the most incredibly intimidating glare the world has ever seen.



It wasn't even classifiable as a resting bitch face, it was a literal death glare. People did not like death glares.



He has friends though, great friends. Well, they're still obnoxious assholes, and Namjoon and Seokjin really need to stop leaving their flat's door open if they are going to have sex in the fucking living room.



But he has friends, and he loves them.



“Hyung, I'll be honest” Hoseok told him once “On the outside you look like a grunge tumblr edit, but on the inside you are a pastel pink aesthetic”.



Yoongi snorts at the memory, but behind his grey scarf it sounds more like a groan, and the girl sitting next to him at the bus stop gives him a weird look.



See, that was another reason why people did not approach him. His body basically refused to have normal reactions and people thought he was a creep.



He doesn't care. He did, once. He stopped caring altogether, he has friends, he has a house, he is doing what he loves the most and that's enough for him



… If only he could get a decent amount of sleep.



Insomnia was a bitch that Yoongi knew even too well.



He doesn't remember when it started. Scratch that, Yoongi remembers perfectly when it started, he just likes to believe that he forgot about it.



Either way, that night he had every intention of forcing himself to fucking sleep. Obviously it didn't work. It never did. So there he is, doing what he does everytime he doesn't sleep: he walks.



Yoongi actually enjoys wandering around the city in the middle of the night, with basically no people except for teenagers who are way too excited to sneak out and drink really cheap alcohol.



And the city was so quiet during the night, pretty lights coloring the streets, casting shadows on every object, shaping them in new silhouettes.



He likes it.



And it's the only thing he can do.



The bus arrives, Yoongi basically knows by memory the nocturnal rides hours. He hopes on, headphones covering his ears and music shutting off the noise of the engine.



He decides that this time he'll get off at another stop, maybe two stops after the one he usually chooses.



He knows that area far too well now, and it's starting to bore him.



So he waits, enjoys his music, and when he thinks he's far enough from the usual part of the city, he gets off the bus.



He's immediately taken back when he notices that he just managed to find himself in a damn student area.



The street is packed with college students, bars and nightclubs everywhere, music so loud he can hear it through his headphones, the street basically flooded with drunk kids in their twenties.



This was not happening.



Once again, Yoongi does not hate people, but he does hate drunk young people in the middle of the night. The night belonged to him! And yes, it sounded a lot like the commercial of some sort of branded perfume, but still!



Yoongi groans, this time for real, he buries his face in his scarf and start walking, shuffling between the packed street and the warm bodies.



Honestly, why can't he have something like occasional migraines, or a really dry nose? No, he has insomnia. Fucking insomnia, that forces him out of bed and into the city.



The AWAKE part of the city.



In that moment, Yoongi does hate everyone.



The moment he somehow manages to get out of the crowd, he is surprised to see that the rest of the area is quiet and lovely.



It looks like one of those old districts, the kind of places you see in french movies, dark alleys with beautiful streetlamps that glanced yellow lights on the walls.



He immediately relaxes, taking in the silence and beauty of the place, and he even takes off his headphones.



The loud music is starting to blur and soften behind him, and Yoongi just walks.



After a few minutes he arrives at a plaza, pretty and tiny, with just a few students lazying around. There are a few bookstores, open 24/7, he spares them a glance and he sees people inside, drinking tea and reading old worn out books.



“Un-fucking-believable” he thinks “I am in a hipster district”.



And he couldn't be happier about it. He loves hipsters, Hipsters were quiet, they didn't make noise and they didn't even speak, they just read their books about sadness and listened to Morissey's songs. Hipsters were a fucking blessing.



And then, he notices a coffe shop. How fucking cliché can a coffe shop be?



Without missing a beat, Yoongi basically powerwalks to the place. He opens the door, a bell over his head rings, and he is welcomed with complete and utter silence.



“God fucking thank you”.



There are only three people inside, and they are all sitting at different tables, drinking warm coffee and reading books, or just looking at their phones.



The place itself in also quite nice, not too pretentious, but with that sort of cool atmosphere that immediately relaxes you.



Yoongi spots an empty couch and he almost runs towards it.



He sits down, taked a deep breath, and closes his eyes. Yes, this is what he needs. He should probably get up and order something, but he can't find the strength in himself. He is relaxed, and tired, and his eyes burn and he just wants to sleep. He sunks deeper in the couch, and he can almost feel it, the sweet calling of sleep.



-Can I get you anything?



Whoever the fuck it is that just disturbed him is about to get fucking decked.



Yoongi opens his eyes, turns to the voice, ready to tell him to kindly fuck off but he doesn't say anything.



Yoongi is vaguely aware of his mouth slowly creating a perfectly shaped O, because wow. Wow.



In front of him there is an angel. Like, legit angel that fell from heaven just to grace every single human with his presence.



In front of Yoongi there is the cutest and softest human being in the entire universe. Plump, full lips, dark tiny and fucking sparkling eyes. And orange hair. Like, really beautiful soft orange hair. Even the oversized sweater the guy was wearing looked soft. His thighs though, those looked firm as fuck.



Yoongi quickly tears his gaze away from the boy's legs, because he is not a creep. He's gay, but not a creep.



-What did you say? -Yoongi asks, and he hates the way his voice sounds, all rough and hoarse.



The boy smiles a little.



-I asked if I could get you anything.



Oh, this guy really needed to get away from him, because his voice is so nice, and... and soft. Why is he so soft?



-Yes. -Yoongi clears his throat -Just a coffee. With milk. And honey.



And yes, Yoongi knows it's a weird ass order, but he likes his coffee with honey.



The young man nods, showing no reaction.



-I'll be right back.



“Yes, I'm begging you”.



He doesn't say it though, Yoongi just watches the boy as he walks behind the counter and starts making coffee.



When he comes back he places the mug in front of him.



-Thanks.



-You're welcome.



Maybe he should say something, try to make small talk. But he's bad at small talk.



-It's the first time I see you here. -the orange haired boy says, and Yoongi kinda wants to kiss him because yes, thank you, you talk and I'll just follow your lead.



-It is. -Yoongi answers, taking the warm mug between his hands -Never been in this party of the city before.



The boy smiles.



-Are you liking it?



“I am liking you”.



-'s nice. -he mumbles instead, taking a gulp of the coffee -Fuck.



The boy looks alarmed.



-Is it too hot?



-No, it's... it's really good. -Yoongi licks his lips.



-Well, it's what you asked.



-I know, but it's just... good. Like, better than usual. It's nice. -Yoongi tightens his lips -It's the first time that I find someone who makes it so well.



And it's true. He has his reasons to like his coffee the way he does. When he asks for it in a coffe shop they can never get the taste quite right. That guy did.



When he looks at him again, Yoongi downright melts, because orange boy is smiling so wide that his pretty eyes turned into little crescents, and there are dimples on his gorgeus face and he looks so damn soft! WHY IS HE SOFT?!



“I am so fucked”.



-I'm glad you like it! -the boy says, bowing a little -I'll leave you alone now, you can stay as much as you want, we are open all night.



Yoongi kinda wants to scream at him to stay, oh please stay, but he doesn't. He just nods.

  

Yoongi doesn't know for how long he's been sitting in that coffe shop, but he is starting to get tired. He is so tired. His eyes are almost closing, his limbs feel numb. But the orange boy is still there, all smiles and dimples to the few customers that keep coming in.



He smiles particularly wide at this boy that literally tip taps his way in the coffee shop and has light lavender fluffy hair, and once again a face that could melt an assassin's heart.



He wonders if maybe this new person is orange boy's (yes, the name is gonna stick) boyfriend, but the thought is quickly destroyed when another boy walks in, he looks young and what the hell, why is everyone so attractive?, and he quickly gets a hold of lavender's hand. This thing of the dyed hair made it actually really easy to think about them in Yoongi's mind, the nicknames just arrived naturally.



But Yoongi is really tired and, if he's lucky enough, the moment he'll get back to his flat he'll just collaps on the bed, so he decides to stand up, pay for his cofee and leave.



The beautiful boy, fuck he was so beautiful, takes the money and hands him a receipt.



-Will I see you again?



Yoongi looks at him for a while. Wait, he wants him to come again? Or was he just being polite?



-Yeah. -Yoongi eventually croaks -Yeah, I think so.



And orange boy beams at him. Oh God, Yoongi can't take this anymore, there is a certain amount of cuteness that he can stand and this is a fucking overdose.



-Okay! -the boy nods -I'll wait for you then.



-Yeah, you... you do that.



Why was he so awkward?, oh God, he wanted to die.



He turns around, heads for the exit.



-I'm Park Jimin, by the way!



“Even his name is cute?! How?! How is this fair?!”



Okay, well, it's probably only polite to tell him his name now.



Damn, he can even try to be smooth, “good, now I know under what name I can save your number, if you'd like to give it to me”, or something like that.



He is about to just say his name, and for a moment he is sure he did. It takes him a second to realize that what he actually said was:



-Good for you.



And then he Usain Bolts his way out of the coffee shop.



Min Yoongi wants to fucking die.

   

When he gets home it's morning, Hoseok is already up, energy buzzing from his body.



-Welcome back, hyung! -his voice is way too loud.



-Mmmh.



-Did you have a good night?



Yoongi pauses.



-I did, actually.



Hoseok looks at him over his mug of tea, and then his eyes glint.



-What's his name?



-What?



-What's the guy's name? You look like you've ascended to heaven and then came back, so there must be a guy.



-You know, you sound a lot like a sassy gay friend.



-I am the sassy gay friend, thank you very much.



-I'm too tired for this shit, Seokie.



Hoseok pouts.



-Just tell me his name.



Yoongi groans. He takes off his black coat and grey scarf, tossing them on the nearby couch, and then he drags himself to the kitchen table, sitting heavily on the chair.



-Jimin.



-And?



-And I'm fucking awful at basically everything, so when he told me his name I said “good for you”.



Hoseok bursts into a full body laugh, earning a glare from Yoongi.



-Oh, God, this is incredible, I gotta tell Namjoon-hyung.



-You do that and I' ll cut your dick off when you sleep. -Yoongi sighs -He's all... fluffy and cheerful, and he basically shines and, fuck, that smile can cure cancer. I'm surprised that he even tried to talk to me, to be honest. I intimidate people.



Hoseok rises an ayebrow.



-Hyung, you are as intimidating as a pink marshmallow.



-That's the fucking point! -Yoongi literally bangs his head on the table -He IS a pink marshmallow.



There's silence for a while.



-Oh, shit. -Hoseok looks terrified -You have a crush.



-I do not have a crush on him.



-You so do.



-I'm going to sleep. Or at least, I'll try.



-Min Yoongi has a crush.



-Shut up, Hoseok.

   

*

   

Park Jimin has the worst crush ever.



It's ridicoulous, really.



He was enjoying his shift, as he usually does 'cause he likes his job. And then he walked in.



And Jimin basically heard his heart going “well, shit” because in what universe is it legal to look like that?



He was so small... he was taller then he was, actually, but he still looked so small with his big coat and gigantic scarf that covered half of his face.



When he went over to him to ask for his order all Jimin could see were green mint hair, beautiful hands with slender fingers, and his skin was so fair.



Also, those eyes. They were hidden behind square black eyeglasses, but Jimin could still see how beautifully shaped they were, they looked like half moons.



And that guy was all tired, and grumpy, and so cute that it melted his heart. He drank coffee with honey, damn it, how cuter can someone get?



And then he left. Park Jimin told him his name, and the green haired man said “good for you”.



In his defence, he looked really tired, so maybe he didn't even hear him say his name.



So yeah, Jimin crushed. He crushed hard.

  

-Yeah, but why?



Jimin looks up at Taehyung.



The boy is staring at him with a confused look on his face.



-What do you mean?



-Why are you crushing on him?



Jimin pauses.



-Did you see the guy or are you blind?



-I'm not saying he's not attractive. He was, like, hello there nice piece of ass and all that jazz. -Taehyung licks his lips -It's just that... I don't know, he's kinda scary?



-Scary?



-He looked intimidating.



Jimin doesn't find him intimadating. He finds him way too cute for his own safety.



-He wasn't to me.



-And the way he left! -Taehyung starts laughing, his boxy smile making an appearance -That was comedy gold!



Jimin grimaces.



-Whatever. -he says in the end, smiling at his friend -You want something to eat?



-Nah, Kookie is taking me for ice cream in a moment. -Taehyung's face softens -He's buying me ice cream.



-Yeah, I heard you.



-Isn't that cute?



-Tae, you've been dating him for a whole year, when will you stop finding everything he does “cute”.



Taehyung eyes widen comically, and he places a hand on his chest in a rather dramatic way.



-Park Jimin... everything Jungkook does IS cute. He could be burning an entire house to the ground, with it's inhabitants still in it, and I would still fucking melt at the sight.



Jimin chuckles, because he knows that Tae actually means what he said.



Taehyung and Jungkook are that kind of really gross couple that can't stay away from each other for more then five minutes, and Jimin loves them. Honestly, they are so precious to him, and the fact that they are so happy just makes him feel proud of them.



In that moment, Jungkook makes his way into the coffee shop, smiling at Taehyung.



-You ready?



-Yep! -Tae looks at Jimin -Do you want us to come back once we're done?



Jimin shakes his head.



-Nah, you guys have fun, I'll see you tomorrow.



-Okay! -Tae blows him a kiss -Later!



-Yeah, we'll see you tomorrow. -Jungkook says, and as soon as Taehyung is next to him he throws his arm around Tae's shoulders, softly kissing him on the lips.



And then Jimin is alone.



It's still fairly early, that's for sure, it's not even midnight, and most of his clients showed up around 2 am.



So Jimin decides to keep himself busy: he cleans all the tables until he can see his damn reflection on the surface, puts all the chairs neatly under the tables, refills the coffee machine with freshly brewed beans and he even starts making brownies.



And they smell delicious, because Park Jimin is a damn good baker.



It's one a.m., no one is showing up and at this point Jimin is just enjoying the silence, broken only by the soft music playing from the speakers. He always kept the volume low, as to not disturb the customers.



The song ends, another one begins, and he knows this one. He knows it far too well, he's been obsessed with it for months.



It's a haunting melody, with lyrics so sad that the first time he heard them he basically cried himself to sleep.



He starts singing quietly to it, closing his eyes and letting the music take over himself.



Damn, that song is good.



And yeah, it has some damn high notes, but he can sort of get through them.



He doesn't notice the little bell ringing, nor the door opening and then closing.



But he does notice the hoarse voice.



-Oh, fuck me.



Jimin snaps his eyes open and mint hair is right there, staring at him with wide eyes.



And then the young man literally flushes to the top of his ears.



-I mean, don't do that. -he says, raising his voice -Don't fuck me. I mean, unless you want to.. wait, no, fuck, shit, okay.



Jimin feels a smile creeping it's way to his face, but he tries his best to stop it.



-You know what? I'll start over.



Before Jimin can say anything, mint hair is turning around and heading back to the door.



He gets out of the coffee shop, closes the door, takes a deep breath, then opens the door again.



-Oh, Park Jimin! -he says -What a coincidence meeting you here!



Jimin bites his bottom lip so that he doesn't start laughing.



-I mean, not really a coincidence since I work here. -the boy says.



Mint hair glares at him. He turns around once again, heads out, opens the door for the third time in the span of a minute.



-Oh, Park Jimin! What a not coincidence meeting you here!



-It truly is! -Jimin says back -I see you kept your promise and came back.



-I am a man of my word. -the man says, looking around -Am I early?



-Not really. Lazy night.



He nods, then sits directly at the counter on one of the stools, right in front of Jimin.



-I might want that coffee again. -he says, and he starts to take off his black coat.



-Of course. -Jimin turns around and starts preparing the warm drink -So, I told you my name but you didn't tell me yours.



-Yeah, I was kind of sleepy yesterday. Min Yoongi.



-Yoongi. I like it.



-Hey, it's hyung to you.



-How do you know? -Jimin asks, still not turning around.



-You look like a twelve years old.



Jimin smirks 'cause he knows damn well that he does not look twelve.



-Do I now? -he starts pouring the coffee in a mug, then he reaches for the honey.



Yoongi doesn't answer.



He finally turns around, giving the man it's coffee and Jimin's legs almost give up on him because damn.



The day before, Yoongi kept his coat on, but now Jimin can see how fucking slender the man is, how his black shirt clings so perfectly to his body and shit, he was going to hell because Yoongi was absolutely beautiful and he was having a hard time focusing.



Yoongi doesn't seem to notice, so he takes a gulp of his coffee.



-So, what's up with this place? -he asks -It's unusual. Does it open only at night?



Jimin shakes his head, resting his elbows on the wooden counter.



-No, it's open during daylight as well, my aunt is the owner. I only work for the night shift, it closes on sunday.



-But why do you keep it open at night?



Jimin shrugs.



-My aunt likes it this way. She says that this way, if a stray cat needs a place to sleep or crash for a while they have it.



-A stray cat?



-Homeless people. Or kids who just want to get away from home for a while.



A soft smile appears on Yoongi's face and Jimin swears that he stopped breathing.



-Your aunt sounds nice.



-She is.



-Are you a student?



-Nope. I just bake stuff. You?



-Music major.



-Really? -Jimin is impressed -That's really cool. So you do what, exactly?



Yoongi literally lightens up, ever feature of his angelic face become even more evident and oh. Oh that's a real smile. That's a gummy smile. Jimin hears angels singing over his head.



-Production and writing.



-Wow. Can you sing?



Yoongi pouts. Yeah, Jimin kind of faints inside.



-For the love of everything that is good in this world, pray that you'll never hear me singing. My roommate wants to murder me everytime I take a shower.



Jimin chuckles at that, and he sees Yoongi visibly relaxing.



-You, on the other hand, can sing.



-Me? -Jimin shakes his head -Nah.



-What the fuck is up with that nah? You can sing, I heard you. That song isn't easy, it has a complicated tempo to follow, and it hits really high notes! You're good!



And Jimin might be flushing just a tiny bit at the sudden praise that is so unexpected coming from this grumpy man.



-Thanks. -he says, and he means it -I really like that song.



Yoongi lowers his gaze on his cup of coffee and honey.



-You do?



-Yeah, it's lovely. And sad, but still lovely. I love the melody especially, when it came out I listened to it on loop, Taehyung wanted to kill me.



-Thanks.



Jimin frowns.



-For what?



-For liking it. -Yoongi seems a little uneasy, fidgeting with his fingers and unable to tear his gaze away from the mug -The song, I mean.



Jimin is confused for a second, then he connects the dots.



-You wrote that?



Yoongi nods, still not looking at it.



-You're kidding me?



-No, I... me and my friend, Namjoon, wrote it, I composed the melody, then we sold it.



He wrote that song. He wrote those lyrics.



-Oh, fuck me. -Jimin whispers.



Yoongi finally looks at him, eyebrows raised and a smirk on his pink lips.



-I mean, if you want to.



Jimin cracks up laughing.

  

And that's how it begins. Min Yoongi shows up every night, always ordering the same coffee, always looking so damn sleepy.



Jimin finds it cute at first, he likes the fact that he always looks like he wants to sleep for ten days in a row but still forces himself to stay awake and talk to him, asking him questions and listening to him.

 

-Do you just bake? -he asks Jimin once.



-I dance as well. Not professionally, but I dance in a studio with other people.



-Really? My rommate, Hoseok, is majoring in dance.



-What kind?



-He's good with basically everything, really. Mostly hip hop and street dance.



Jimin nods.



-I do contemporary.



Yoongi eyes widen so much behind his glasses.



-Wow. Are you good?



-I like to think that I am.



Yoongi clicks his tounge at that.



-See, I don't trust people easily, so I'll probably have to see you dance myself in order to give a proper judgement.



Jimin smiles.



-I'll make sure I'll show you then.

 

So yeah, Jimin finds him and his lethargic state cute. Then he doesn't anymore.



It happens during another lazy night, with just another client reading quietly in a corner.



Jimin is making himself a tea, when he turns around to Yoongi and sees him without his glasses. Yoongi isn't just sleepy, Yoongi is tired.



His eyes are red and puffy, bloodshot even. And the dark circles around his pretty eyes, usually covered by the thick black frame of his glasses, are huge. And he looks terrible.



Well, Jimin still finds him awfully beautiful, but he looks like shit. And suddenly, Jimin is concerned.



-Hyung?



-What, Jiminie?



The nickname made his appearance three nights prior.



-Why are you always here at night?



Yoongi's jaw tigthens.



-I like this place.



-You can always come in the morning. -Jimin pushes, because that face, that tiredness... that's not normal.



-You aren't here in the morning, though.



-Hyung, why are you here at night?



And then there's silence. For a full minute, there is just a pregnant and heavy silence, and Jimin fears he just fucked up.



-I can't sleep. -Yoongi whispers, and it's like saying that is draining him of that little strength he has left -I have insomnia.



-Oh.



-Like, bad insomnia. -Yoongi fidgets with his hands -Haven't had a decent amount of sleep in like four months. If I'm lucky sometimes I basically faint on my couch. That's like a blessing, really.



Jimin now wants to hug him. Yoongi looks so small, and tired, God, so fucking tired.



-I take sleeping pills sometimes. -Yoongi says -They don't do much, but they make me doze off.



-I'm sorry.



Yoongi snorts.



-It's not your fault.



-I'm still sorry.



Yoongi gives him a tiny smile, and that is almost enough to basically kill Park Jimin.



-What about you, though. You are always awake too.



-I sleep during the morning, or afternoons.



Yoongi nods, takes another gulp of his coffee.



-I hate it. -he says, suddenly -Not being able to sleep, I mean. I really do. But... -he tilts his head a little, scrapes the surface of his mug with his fingertips -I mean, not being able to sleep made me meet you so it's not that bad, I guess.



And Jimin realized, in that moment, that this is not a crush anymore.



He's just so fucking in love that it almost hurts.

 

From then on, Yoongi opens up a bit more. He's from Daegu, and Jimin kinda already knew, because Yoongi's words were full of accent and he liked it, but he still lets the mint haired boy talk about his city, and how much he loves it and misses it.



He talks about music. He talks about music a lot, and his tiredness disappears when he does, and Jimin just listens because he's in love. And he could listen to Yoongi talk about music for hours without getting bored.

  

*

  

Yoongi is so fucked.



Jimin isn't a crush. Yoongi isn't in denial, oh no. He wishes he was. No, Yoongi is in love. Like, head over heels in love, like, birds chirping all around him in love.



It's ridicoulous.



Love is not a good look on him.



-Shut up. -Jin tells him one afternoon -Being in love is amazing.



Yoongi glares at him, the older boy sitting comfortably between Namjoon's legs.



-Yeah, I bet it is for you! -he says -When love is mutual love is great!



Namjoon rises an eyebrow.



-Who says your love isn't mutual?



-You haven't seen him. -Yoongi shakes his head -He's way out of my league.



-That's stupid. -Namjoon says, earning a death glare from Jin.



-What Joonie meant... -Jin says -It's that you don't know until you ask. So ask him out.



-No.



-Why?



-Just... no.



-Yoongi, I love you like a son, I truly do. -the elder sighs -But you are being stupid now.



-So when you say it it's fine, but if I say it it's not?! -Namjoon crosses his arms -That's unfair.



-I'm not being stupid. -Yoongi closes his eyes and he wishes he could just fall asleep -I'm being realistic.

 

Still, he goes to the coffee shop every night. Because he is in love and Park Jimin is beautiful and he just wants to see that smile and be happy for a while.

 

-What's up with them?



Jimin follows his gaze and chuckles.



Yoongi knows that the lavender hair's name is Taehyung, and that the other boy is called Jungkook. And in that moment, those two are going at it.



They are sitting on a couch, Taehyung straddling Jungkook's waist and kissing the everloving air out of his lungs.



-They are so gross, aren't they? -Jimin sighs -But they are my friends and they're in love.



-I can see that. I feel like they are about to have sex right here.



-Nah. They want to, but they won't. Look. -Jimin points a finger at them -Five, four, three, two...



-Jimin! -Taehyung says suddenly, not kissing Jungkook anymore -We're gonna go home.



Jimin smiles.



-Of course you are. Have fun!



-Damn right we will. -Taehyung says, Jungkook just shakes his head, but follows the other boy out of the coffee shop.



-Wow.



-I know. -Jimin looks at him for a while -Are you hungry?



-Not really.



-I'm giving you a brownie.



-I don't want a...



-I am giving you a brownie, Yoongi-hyung.



Yoongi just sighs. It's been going on for a while now. Jimin will look at him with this weird light in his eyes and then he'll stuff food in his mouth.



Yoongi doesn't really mind, that boy can bake, but he still doesn't understand what's Jimin deal. Maybe he's just domestic and enjoys feeding people.



Shit, that's cute as well.



He needs to stop being cute.



So Yoongi eats his brownie, enjoying the taste of chocolate melting on his tongue, then he almost chokes.



Jimin starts singing again, more like humming, but still. His voice echoes in the empty coffee shop, beautiful and soft and fuck it, he sounds like an angel.



He's not looking at him, too busy writing down a list of ingredients he's missing, so Yoongi listens to him.



He could write a song about that voice. Damn, he could write an entire record just so that Jimin can sing it out loud.



And he loves him.



Yoongi loves him so much.



He suddenly feels his limbs going numb, number than usual, and his eyes burn and he's so tired.



He is so tired that he lays his head on the counter, closes his eyes, and just lets Jimin's voice wash away his worries and, before he realizes what is happening, he's falling asleep.

  

He wakes up abruptly and immediately looks around, taking in his surroundings.



It's morning, the coffee shop is flooded with the sun's light. His glasses are carefully put next to him on the counter. Yoongi realized that there is a warm blanket around his shoulders.



“Jimin” he thinks, and he almost wants to cry.



He fell asleep.



He slept, for real, for almost an entire night.



He fell asleep and Jimin took off his glasses and gave him a blanket.



Fuck, he loves him.



-You're awake! -Jimin makes his appearance from behind the coffe machine -You slept!



-I did.



-You slept a lot!



-I... did?



-Yeah! -Jimin is smiling so much, his eyes are disappearing and he's so beautiful -You slept for six hours!



Yoongi can feel it. He can feel his mind being more awake than ever, his body doesn't ache, his eyes aren't burning.



He slept. No nightmares, no waking up every two minutes.



-You sang.



Jimin frowns.



-You mean yesterday?



-Yes. -Yoongi stands up -Do it again.



-What, right now?



-No, tonight! Do it again tonight, I think I fell asleep to your voice!



And Jimin blushes. Oh God, he's blushing and he looks so adorable and Yoongi just wants to kiss him until it's night again.



-Okay. -it's almost a whisper -Yeah, I'll sing for you.

 

And he does. Four nights in a row. Four nights of sleep.



Yoongi is blessed. He can't believe that's actually happening.



Everytime he falls asleep, and at this point he directly moved to the couch of the coffee shop, then in the morning Yoongi wakes up to a warm blanket on his shoulders and the smell of coffee.



He's rested. He's awake. He's almost happy.

  

*

   

-Can I ask you a question?



Yoongi nods. It's almost midnight, the coffee shop empty except for a couple reading, with their fingers intertwined.



-Why do you like my coffee so much?



Yoongi wonders if he should answer the question. The answer isn't simple. He knows it isn't. But Jimin asked him, and Jimin is making him sleep.



-Yours tastes like the one my mom made me. -he blurts out.



-Really?



Yoongi nods, unable to look at Jimin.



-No one can make it that way. It's always to sweet, or too bitter. Yours is perfect, just like the one she made. I guess I missed drinking that coffee, since she can't make it for me.



-She's in Daegu, right?



Yoongi snorts.



-She's six feet under the ground, that's where she is.



He stiffens. Fuck, no. Not right now, why the fuck did he say that?



He feels his hands shaking, tigheting the grip on the mug.



-Shit. Fuck, I didn't want to say it like that. -Yoongi shuts his eyes closed -Shit, I'm sorry, it just came out, and...



He shuts up the moment he feels Jimin's hands on his. Jimin has hands with short fingers, and they are so warm, warmer than the mug he's holding.



He dares to look at the boy.



-I'm sorry, hyung. -Jimin murmurs, his face tight with worry -I am so sorry.



-It's... -Yoongi gulps -It's fine.



-It's not.



Yoongi sighs.



-You're right, it's not.



-Is that why you can't sleep?



Yoongi wants to answer yes. He just wants to frantically talk about his mother, and how she isn't there to make him coffee anymore, and fuck he misses her so much. So fucking much that he can't sleep at night.



But he can't. He doesn't have the voice to speak, so he just nods.



Jimin holds his hands tighter.



-Do you want me to sing for you?



Yoongi closes his eyes.



-Please.



So Jimin sings, and he sings Yoongi's song. Yoongi doesn't move to the couch, neither he let's go of Jimin's hands. He just rests his head on the table and falls asleep.

   

*

  

Jimin is worried.



So worried.



It's been two weeks already since the night Yoongi told him about his mother, and he hasn't showed up once.



At first, Jimin just shrugged it off. Yoongi is a music major, he probably has a lot of stuff to do.



But then, after three days, he wonders if it was something he did. Maybe Jimin pushed too much, maybe talking about his mother was not okay with Yoongi and now he didn't want to have anything to do with Jimin or his shop.



By the first week, Jimin just wants to know if Yoongi is sleeping, and eating.



Because Yoongi is so thin, and in the month they spent together Jimin could see him losing more and more weight. He was getting better, maybe because he was sleeping again, but now?



Jimin just prays that Hoseok, Yoongi's roommate, is taking care of him

 

-You look like a wounded puppy. -Taehyung smiles at him -Are you okay?



Jimin sighs. No, he isn't.



-Yoongi.



-What about him? -Taehyung straightens up -What has he done? I'll fucking fight him.



-No, you won't. -Jungkook says, next to him -I will fight him, you stay back and cheer for me.



-What if I want to punch him in the face?!



-I'm not letting you hurt your hands, so I'll fight him.



Taehyung just full on beams with his boxy smile.



-I love you so much Kookie.



-Yeah, whatever.



-No one is fighting anyone! -Jimin interrupts them -What the hell, guys.



-Who is fighting who?



The three boys turn around, in the commotion they didn't hear the bell. Yoongi is standing at the entrance, face hidden behind is scarf and hands stuffed in his pockets.



-No one is fighting. -Jimin quickly says -Don't you two guys have a date?



-Fuck, the reservation! -Jungkook sprints on his feet and grabs Taehyung's arm -Come on, let's go!



Taehyung pouts slitghtly, but he lets Jungkook drag him away.



-Hey! -the boy says suddenly, as soon as he's close enough to Yoongi. Taehyung narrows his eyes -Maybe I won't fight you, but my boyfriend sure will.



Yoongi looks confused for a few seconds.



-That's... good to know.



Tae nods and finally leaves the coffee shop with Jungkook.



Jimin takes in Yoongi's features, and his heart clenches. He looks awful. The black circles are back under his eyes, red and tired, and his mouth is a tight thin line. And he lost weight. Jimin can see it right away.



There's silence, and the air is tense for a while.



-I had stuff to do. -Yoongi says -For college.



-Okay.



-I wasn't avoiding you! I really wasn't, but I had so much projects to hand in, and tests...



-It's okay, hyung. -Jimin smiles -Do you want me to teach you how to make brownies?

 

Jimin explains to Yoongi every step. They are next to each other behind the counter, Yoongi's shoulders brushing against his, and Jimin is content.



They will make brownies, and Yoongi will eat and then Jimin will sing for him.



He's still explaining how to split in half the nuts when he feels Yoongi's weight on his side.



He turns around and his heart stops when he sees that Yoongi has his eyes closed, and he's slowly falling on the floor.



Jimin quickly lets go of the nuts and holds Yoongi up, worry and concern overwhelming him for a moment.



-Yoongi? -he calls -Can you hear me?



Jimin slowly gets on his knees, still holding Yoongi's body and that's when he realizes that Yoongi did not faint, he fell asleep. To the sound of his voice.



-Are you kidding me? -he mumbles -You idiot, I got worried.



Yoongi groans something in his sleep, then moves his arms around Jimin's waist and hides his face in the crook of the boy's neck.



So Jimin decides to sit on the floor, with Yoongi sleeping on him, slowly caressing his mint green hair and enjoying the warmth of the elder boy's body.

  

*

  

Yoongi slowly wakes up and he just wants to go back to sleep. He's so comfortable, and warm, and there are strong arms around him, holding him gently.



Wait.



There are strong arms around him.



He wakes up completely and it takes him a second to realize that he not only fell asleep whilst Jimin was talking to him, he literally fell asleep on him. And then, apparently, proceeded to sleep between the boy's arms for the rest of the night.



Jimin is asleep, sitting on the floow with his back against the counter wood, and Yoongi is quite literally sitting on him, straddling him even.



He should be ashamed, or embarassed at least, but he can't bring himself to feel anything but the warmth that is slowly taking a hold of his chest.



He brushes his fingers over Jimin's face, and his skin is so smooth.



That's when Jimin wakes up, sleep still in his eyes.



-Hi. -he says, his voice heavy.



-Hi. -Yoongi smiles.



-My back really hurts.



-That's my fault.



-No, it's not. -Jimin straightens up a little and it seems like he wants to say something, but then he stops.



He looks at Yoongi for an amount of time that is not normal, and Yoongi is kind of bursting in flames, because Jimin's gaze is intense, oh so intense.



-Fuck off. -Jimin whispers.



Yoongi frowns.



-Fucking excuse me?



-Literally, fuck off from me. -the younger boys sighs dramatically -Freckles?! Really?! Can you get any cuter?! How am I supposed to live like this, you are killing me! This is unbelievable, I am going to sue you and your stupid freckles and your eyes and...



Yoongi leans in and the next thing he knows is that Jimin's lips are as soft as his smile, and that the little gasp he lets go might be the best sound Yoongi has ever heard.



He feels the younger boy's hands resting on his hips, then slowly surrounding his waist and keeping him close.



And Yoongi now agrees with Jin, love is fucking great.

  

*

  

Falling in a routine is so easy.



Yoongi spends every night with Jimin in the coffee shop, making brownies with him and welcoming every stray cat that needs a shelter for the night. And when the morning arrives, Jimin will crash on his bed whilst Yoongi is at college. Then Yoongi will come back to Jimin's flat, crawl under the blankets and Jimin will count his freckles and sing to him soothing melodies until the mint green haired man falls asleep, both safe in each other arms.



And Yoongi might have started to record samples of Jimin's voice without the other knowing, just so that if he's having a rought time at college he can listen to his voice. And then he starts adding those samples to his songs, and Jimin hates it at first but then kind of loves it.



And when they are both wide awake they will kiss until they melt, because Jimin tastes of softness and chocolate and Yoongi tastes of coffee and honey.

    “I still can’t believe you’re ditching me.”“Yoongi.” Jin finishes wiping down the counter, and turns to face him with a hand on his hip. “I am not ditching you.”“Yes, you are.” He knows he’s being petty, but he’s allowed to be salty about this, okay? “You’re abandoning our entire friendship.”“I’m just changing shifts.”“Yeah, so you can work with your boyfriend.”“No.” Jin actually looks embarrassed at this. “So that I can fit my schedule better around my classes. It’s just a coincidence that my new shift is with Namjoon. Besides, you’ll still see me almost every other time you work.”“But this is the best shift.” It’s not a lie. Yoongi has a nice little work schedule going. Tuesday mornings with Hoseok and Taehyung, Thursday afternoons with Namjoon, Jungkook and Jin, and Saturday’s with everyone. But the Monday closing shift with Jin was by far his favourite. The fact that the coffee shop was tiny and tucked away on an unknown street meant that it was always close to empty, and the two of them spent the whole time lazing about behind the counter talking about school or music or, in the words of Taehyung, ‘whatever old man stuff they find interesting.’ It fits in with Yoongi’s lazy personality perfectly.“I’m so betrayed. And you know what makes this even worse? You couldn’t even swap shifts with any of the others. No, you swapped with a newbie instead. I have to spend my Monday closing shifts with someone that I don’t even know.”“Stop being so dramatic.” Jin checks that all the windows are locked before making his way to the door. He’s been doing all the work for the past half hour whilst Yoongi just trailed behind him complaining. Yoongi doesn’t feel guilty. “The new guy is nice. Really nice. Impossible not to like, actually, although I’m sure you’ll find a way.”“You suck.”“Are those going to be the last ever words you say to me on our last ever Monday shift?”“Yep. They’re all you’re gonna to have to remember me by.”“You’re literally coming round for dinner tomorrow night.”“So you’ll have to suffer them until then. Bye. You suck.”“Bye Yoongi.” Jin gives him a long-suffering smile and rolls his eyes. “I’ll try not to lose any sleep tonight.” ... “I wonder if he and Yoongi-hyung will get along.”At the sound of his name, Yoongi jerks up. He had been leaning on the counter, watching the rain outside run hit against the windows, but now it turns out that Namjoon and Jungkook had been talking about him whilst he was zoned out.“What are you saying?”“Nothing bad, hyung.” Jungkook’s attention is then taken by a customer coming up to the till, so Yoongi turns to Namjoon.“What?”“Honestly, it’s nothing bad.” Namjoon doesn’t look guilty in the slightest. “Jungkook was just saying that he worked a shift with Jimin yesterday.”“Jimin?” Yoongi racks his brain for somebody at the coffee shop who has that name, but comes up blank. “Who’s that?”“Park Jimin. The new guy? You’re working with him Monday, hyung.”Oh. Right.“Oh. Him.”“Yeah, him. He’s pretty cool.”“You’ve met him?”“Yeah, when he came in for the interview. I helped Jin out.”“Right.”“I like him. Jungkook does too. We were just wondering if he’s nice enough to break even your tough barriers.”“Whatever.” Yoongi says, and starts to make the large caramel frappé that had just been ordered. Even if this Park Jimin does have Namjoon’s approval, he’s not gonna be so quick to make friends with Yoongi. ... “And Jimin’s so cute. Seriously. He may just be the cutest thing I’ve ever met. Right, Tae?”It’s Saturday now, and it seems like everyone and their mother has now met Jimin.Everyone, of course, except Yoongi.“Yes!” Taehyung smiles so large Yoongi thinks his face is going to tear in half, and almost breaks the coffee machine he’s cleaning in his excitement. “He has these squishable cheeks, and laughs a lot. He has a really good sense of humour.”Hoseok and Taehyung worked with Jimin yesterday, and apparently they all got on like a house on fire. Considering that spending just a few hours with the sunshine twins makes Yoongi feel like he could sleep for a week, this doesn’t fill him with much hope. Knowing his luck, Jimin is probably like the Energizer bunny.“Guys, I really don’t care.” He does, but they don’t need to know that. “Can we just get back to work?”“We’re just trying to prepare you for Monday night.” Hoseok says, smirking at Yoongi. “In all seriousness though, Jimin’s sweet, and innocent. Please be civil to him.”“Of course I will!” Yoongi may be a grump, but he’s not a bully. “The way you guys are all talking you all think I’m gonna murder him.”“Well it is just you two, all alone, with nobody around in an empty coffee shop.” Taehyung wiggles his eyebrows. “It would be the perfect setting for murder. Or for sex.”“What?!” Yoongi almost chokes on his spit.“That’s true.” Normally Yoongi likes when Hoseok goes along with his teasing, but it’s decidedly less fun when he’s on the receiving end. “Even though he’s cute, Jimin’s also kinda hot. Could this be the start of a coffee-fuelled love affair?”The two boys start laughing like idiots, and he can hear Jungkook cracking up from the back kitchen too. Namjoon and Jin look over from where they’re cleaning tables and both smirk. Yoongi decides he really needs to get some new friends.He turns to face a slightly scandalised looking woman at the counter.“I apologise for my co-workers. What can I get for you today?” ... Finally, Doom Day has arrived. Yoongi pauses outside the coffee shop door 5 minutes before his shift starts, and takes a breath before entering.Here goes nothing.“Here, Yoongi.” Seoyeon comes round the counter, offering her apron out. “Jimin’s already in the back. Seeya later.”“Thanks” he mutters, tying it round his waist, before looking round the shop. There’s a couple in the corner, whispering over an opened book, but that’s about it. As usual, it’ll be a quiet night.“Oh!” There’s a noise from behind him. “You must be Min Yoongi-ssi.”Yoongi turns around to respond, only to be caught speechless. Standing behind the counter is a boy, around his height, and smiling at Yoongi like he’s a present on Christmas morning. He has light brown hair falling into his eyes, which are forming little crescents, and his cheeks are round and flushed, and Yoongi has to try really really hard not to immediately grin back.Hoseok hadn’t been lying when he said Park Jimin was cute.“Yeah.” Yoongi manages to get out after clearing his throat. “Park Jimin?”“Uh-huh.” Jimin walks out and around the counter, and Yoongi has to hold his breath again, because whoa. Hoseok also hadn’t been lying when he said Jimin was hot. His official BigHit Coffee House issued polo shirt is slightly too tight, showing off his toned arms, and when he’s not smiling his jawline is sharp enough to stab something. It suddenly feels ten times hotter in the shop. “It’s good to finally meet you.”“You too.” Yoongi can deal with this. He’s met plenty of attractive people in his life - hell, Jin looks like a fucking supermodel. There’s no way Park Jimin is going to get the best of him.“So is it normally like this? So empty?”“Yeah. Me and Jin normally just sat and lazed around for 4 hours. Not much happens.”“That’s fine! I like talking too.” Jimin smiles again, and Yoongi can’t stop the small smile that manages to escape this time. “We can get to know each other!”~Three hours later, and Yoongi’s a bit confused.He’s not quite sure, but he thinks that maybe, just maybe, he might actually be getting along with Park Jimin. Only a little.He doesn’t know how this has happened.The first few minutes had been kinda stilted. Disregarding the whole ‘Jimin looks like an angel’ thing (like he said, Yoongi’s been friends with Jin for years, he can get over physical perfection eventually) Yoongi is an awkward person anyway. He’s impatient, kind of intimidating, and hates small talk. Hell, he’s almost finished his entire degree without forming any significant new relationships with his classmates. Jin always jokes that it’s like he’s built to avoid making new friends.Jimin, however, seems to be the exception to this.“So you write the songs entirely yourself? And perform them?”“Hmm.” They’re sitting at one of the tables, Yoongi with his legs up on another chair and Jimin leaning forward with his hands cupping his chin. The only customers left a while ago, and they’ve been making easy conversation ever since.  “There are people who produce the tracks, and Namjoon and I do a lot of stuff together. I always write my own lyrics though. And yeah, we perform them now and then.”“That’s so cool.” Jimin looks so impressed that Yoongi feels a little embarrassed. “I had to take a music production class last year, to go towards my degree, but I sucked at it. I’d rather dance to music than produce it any day.”“And that’s why I’m a production major and you’re a dance major. Well, a dance and music major.”“I guess so.” Jimin laughs, and then gives Yoongi a considering look. “You’re not what I expected.”“How so?”“I’m not sure. You’re just not what everyone else described you as. Hoseok-hyung said that you were like Grouch from Sesame Street.”“Hoseok is an asshole and can go fuck himself.” Yoongi’s already planning what insults he’s going to throw Hoseok’s way tomorrow morning. Probably something horse related. “Seriously, what else did they tell you?”“Nothing that bad!” Jimin looks slightly worried now, and Yoongi works on making his face less angry-looking. “Just that I shouldn’t expect you to be overly friendly, and that you might not talk a lot, or might even go to sleep. Honestly, I thought you weren’t going to like me.”“Oh.” Yoongi doesn’t mention that he didn’t think he was going to like Jimin either. “I’m sorry if the others made you nervous, or whatever. That was shitty of them.”“It’s fine.” Jimin giggles. “It just means that it was a pleasant surprise when you were nice to me.”“Yeah, well.” Yoongi feels his cheeks getting hot, and stands up. “We should probably start cleaning up. I doubt more customers are gonna come in now.”“Right.” Jimin follows suit, and sends a thumbs up in Yoongi’s direction. It’s adorable. “We make a good team, hyung.” ... “So…”Yoongi looks up from the counter he’s cleaning to see Hoseok raising an eyebrow.“So what? It’s 6am, Hoseok, I’m not in the mood.”“So how was your shift last night? Did you make Jimin cry?”“It was fine. And no, of course I didn’t.” Yoongi moves to work on the tables when he remembers something. “Oh, fuck you, by the way. I have way better eyebrows than Grouch.”Hoseok laughs a lot louder than what should be allowed this early in the morning.“He told you about that? It was a joke, hyung.”“Yeah, well, he was scared that I was gonna hate him or something. Try not to scare the new guy off his shift next time.”“We just wanted him to be prepared.” Hoseok unlocks the till, and then turns to Yoongi with a serious look on his face. “But you were fine though? It was okay?”“It was okay.” That’s a bit of an understatement, Yoongi thinks, but he doesn’t want to embarrass himself. “You were right, it’s impossible to dislike him.”“Well then,” Hoseok seems satisfied with this response, “I’m glad it’s worked out.”“Me too,” Yoongi replies... He genuinely means it... “Hyuuung.”This is how Yoongi is greeted when he walks into work the next Monday. It’s been a long day (his laptop had stopped working around lunchtime, the stupid piece of shit, and the workshop said it wouldn’t be ready to collect until Wednesday afternoon) and it’s raining outside, so Yoongi isn’t in the best of moods. And now, here he is. With a singing Park Jimin in his face.“…Jimin.”“Yoongi-hyung! I haven’t seen you all week.”This is true. Yoongi hadn’t seen Jimin since they said goodbye outside of the café last Monday night.“I guess our schedules don’t match up. Monday’s our only day.”“Ah, that sucks! At least we get to just hang out for this shift though.”“I guess.” Yoongi looks around. The café is empty, probably due to the weather, and it makes him feel a little better. “Looks like we’ve got the whole place to ourselves.”“Yep!” Jimin throws himself down into the nearest chair, and looks up at Yoongi with a knowing look on his face. Yoongi gulps. “And I know what we can do with it.”~“This is stupid.”“Hyung, come on, just do it.”“No. I refuse. This is the worst game ever.”“You’re just saying that because you keep losing.”“Exactly! It’s impossible to win. Where did you even come up with this?”“Hoseok-hyung played it with me.”“That explains it then.”“Hyung, come on!”Yoongi sighs. Somehow, Jimin’s roped him into playing some bullshit card came where he has to pick a joker out of the entire 52-card deck in five tries, or face a dare. Needless to say, all that’s happened so far is that he’s had to drink some pretty foul coffee concoctions.“What even is the punishment this time? I think my taste buds have died.”Jimin puts a hand on his chin, and overacts his thinking. For the millionth time that night, Yoongi can’t help but think about how cute he is.“Okay, fine. No more gross drinks. If you fail this time, you have to…” Jimin looks around the shop, before snapping his fingers. “You have to tell me a secret.”“A secret?” Does Yoongi look like a teenage girl?“Yep. A top secret that nobody knows.”“I don’t have a secret.”“Seriously? You don’t have anything that nobody knows about?”“You do?!” The more Yoongi thinks about it, though, the more he thinks he might actually have something. “Maybe I do have something I could say.”“Great!” Jimin gestures to the long row of cards in front of him. “Get picking then.”Yoongi reaches out slowly, before muttering a quiet ‘fuck it’ and picking up 5 random cards. There’s absolutely no strategy to this. He starts to turn them over one by one. Seven of hearts. Ace of spades. Three of clubs. Queen of spades.There’s one card left. They both hold their breath, eyes never leaving Yoongi’s hands as they turn over the card to reveal-“Jack of diamonds. Fuck this game.”“Woo!” Jimin actually fist pumps. Yoongi is disgusted. “Now, you gotta tell me your secret.”“It’s really not that big of a deal.” Despite his words, however, Yoongi suddenly feels antsy. “Oh yeah?” Jimin is smirking, but then seems to change as he notices just how nervous Yoongi looks. “Are you okay? It’s just a game, hyung. You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”“No, it’s…” Now Yoongi feels like an idiot. “It’s fine. It’s just, you know my music stuff that I do?”“You mean the stuff that we spoke about for all of last Monday and that you’re doing a degree in?”“Brat. I’m trying to tell you something. Anyway, so it’s not just that I’m helping to produce a song here and there anymore. I’m actually producing a lot of my own stuff independently. Mostly for my course - for my final project? -but I’m planning on putting a mixtape together.” Yoongi pauses, and Jimin just continues looking at him. “Not much of a secret. Sorry.”“No, are you kidding?” Jimin’s got a look of awe on this face. “That’s amazing. How long have you been working on it.”“A while.” Since senior year of high school, more like, but Jimin doesn’t need to know that. “It’s still not close to being done, and I don’t really want everyone bugging me about it, though, so…”“I won’t tell anyone.” Jimin mimes zipping his mouth shut. “Thanks for telling me, though. I look forward to listening to it one day.”“It’s fine. I guess I just…it’s kind of like my baby, you know? When you make music, you put a lot of yourself into it. The idea of other people listening to it is intimidating.”“I feel the same way when I dance. Especially if I’ve choreographed it. There’s something personal about putting yourself out there for judgement. It’s like you’re so vulnerable.”“Exactly.”The two fall into silence, and sit in thought for a second, until Jimin breaks it.“Well. That got deep.” He laughs nervously, and runs a hand through his hair before starting to collect the cards up. “I’ll put the game away.”“No.” Yoongi reaches out a hand, and stops the other boy from picking up any more cards. “Let’s play again. This time, though, you’re choosing.” .. Jimin gets a Joker on the first try. Yoongi throws the card across the room. .. Not much changes. Hoseok and Taehyung are still too loud, Jin and Namjoon are still grossly in love, and Jungkook still has a ridiculous number of customers flirting with him. Everything is still the same.Except one thing, that is. One thing is different.“I still can’t believe you prefer pork to beef. I’m revaluating our entire friendship here.”“Do you want me to pay for this meal?”“…Yes.”“Then leave my choices alone.”Yoongi and Jimin eat dinner together now.It started on that second week, after the card game. Yoongi had been complaining about how hungry he was, and Jimin had said he knew a good BBQ place that was still open, and somehow they ended up laughing together over grilled meat. Four weeks later, and it’s become natural now for Yoongi to turn left instead of right after locking up the shop and make his way with Jimin to the little restaurant. It’s costing a bit of money, and it means he gets home even later than he would do normally, but for some reason Yoongi doesn’t mind too much.“Are you free on the 12th December?” Jimin asks, just as Yoongi’s paying for the food and picking up his coat.“Probably. Why do you ask?”“I have a dance thing.” Jimin runs his hand through his hair, something that Yoongi’s come to recognise as a nervous habit. “It’s not a big deal, just something that friends and family can watch, but I thought you might want to come. You haven’t seen me dance yet.”“I haven’t” Yoongi confirms, and thinks about whether he wants to. He decides that he really, really does. “I’ll be there.”“Great!” Jimin smiles one of those eye smiles, like the one he had the first time he met Yoongi, and it makes his heart skip a beat. “Save the date. I’m glad you’re going to be there hyung. Good night!”And with that parting comment, the boy turns down the road and starts to make his way home, whilst Yoongi looks after him and wonders just what he got himself into when he became friends with Park Jimin. ... “What’s up with you and Jimin?”It’s Thursday, and Yoongi and Jin are working behind the counter. Yoongi puts down his cloth.“What?”“You and Jimin. What’s the deal?”Yoongi panics slightly. Not, that is, that he has anything to panic about. He and Jimin are friends, good friends, and that’s all they are. He wonders what Jin’s heard to make him think otherwise- maybe somebody spotted them in the restaurant together? Or has Jin gone through his phone? He has a lot of texts with Jimin- the boy seems to get bored often during classes- but they’re all pretty innocent and actually kind of stup-“You’re still getting along, right? You’re not arguing?”And, okay, that’s not what Yoongi expected him to ask.“Um, what?” Yoongi wishes he could come with a better response, but he can’t think of one. Jin just sighs.“Are you and Jimin getting along okay during your Monday shifts?”“Yes?” Yoongi’s not sure why this comes out as a question. “We get along great. Why would you think we don’t?”“You don’t seem to talk about it that often. I mean from you, I understand, but Jimin? He talks about anything. The two of you don’t work together any other time, so the only thing I have to go on is what he says about your Monday shifts, and lately it’s been very little. I thought maybe it was because there was tension and he just didn’t want to say.”“Oh.” Unless he’s the most unobservant person in the whole of Korea, Yoongi’s pretty sure that’s not the case. “Well, it’s fine. No problems at all, I swear.”Jin looks at Yoongi for a second too long, before seeming to accept this and nodding.“Alright. That’s good. I just thought I’d ask.”“Yeah.” Yoongi says, and he starts cleaning the coffee machine again. “I’m glad you did.” ... The next Monday, after closing, Yoongi has a question. He’s been debating asking it all night, and his curiosity has finally won out.“Do you like me?”“What?” Jimin pauses on the street, and gapes. Yoongi winces. He probably should have worded that better.“I mean, we’re friends right? We get along well?”“Um, yeah?” Jimin seems to recover, and shakes his head before catching back up to Yoongi. “Of course, hyung. Why?”“Jin thought we were fighting.” He sneaks a glance out of the corner of his eye to see Jimin has a confused look on his face. “Apparently the fact that you never talk about me means that there’s tension.”“Really?” Jimin laughs at this. “That’s kind of funny.”“Yeah?”“Yeah. As if we could ever have tension, hyung.”Yoongi relaxes at this, and reaches out to ruffle Jimin’s hair.“Right. Just thought I’d ask.”“And the only reason I don’t talk about you is because I don’t want the others to find out about our dinner and crash it. It’s our time, y’know?”For some reason, this makes Yoongi feel funny. He suddenly feels all light and his stomach is fluttering and his face goes all hot.“Hyung, are you okay?”“Yeah.” Yoongi looks away from Jimin’s concerned face, unable to look him in the eye. “I’m great.”Yoongi spends the rest of the night watching Jimin eating across from him, and that weird feeling doesn’t disappear. ... Yoongi’s not an idiot.Really, he’s not.So when he receives a text from Jimin accompanied by a selfie on Wednesday afternoon and that feeling from Monday night returns with a vengeance, he has a vague idea of what’s going on.And it’s not good.“Fuck.” Yoongi falls back onto his bed, and looks at the message. It’s not much, just a picture of Jimin in a massive fluffy coat captioned ‘I’ve got my winter wardrobe ready hyung ^.^’ but it’s enough to set Yoongi’s heart racing. He thinks about everything that’s happened so far- the ease at which he had let Jimin into his life, the way that Monday has become his favourite day of the week, the fact that he always responds to Jimin’s texts even though he’s notoriously bad with phones- and it’s not hard to come to a conclusion. ... Yoongi definitely, without a shadow of a doubt, has fallen for Park Jimin.       The first time Tony Stark walked into his tiny coffee shop, Steve thinks it was an accident. Has to have been. The man can afford to have his morning coffee made in Colombia and flown to his penthouse before it gets cold. There’s no reason why he’d prefer Steve’s coffeehouse concoctions. More likely he’d been heading for the neighboring laundromat that serviced high income clientele. But why would Tony Stark pick up his own laundry? He must have a personal assistant to do all that for him. Eventually Steve realizes Stark is waiting to have his order taken. “Hi,” Stark says. “Happens all the time. People are overcome by my presence, don’t worry, totally understandable. Though you’re the first I’ve had gawk at me for a full minute.” He gives Steve a slow smile that makes his pulse jump.Steve clears his throat. “Sorry about that. What can I get for you?” “What do you recommend? I'm breaking my usual schedule, here.” Steve thinks for a second. “Well, I’ve been told the café miel is good-” “Excellent, I’ll take it, give me that,” Stark says. As Steve brews the espresso, steams the milk, and prepares the honey and cinnamon, he watches Stark from the corner of his eye. Stark fidgets with the condiments, bores of that, takes out his phone and lets his fingers skitter across the touchscreen. He’s younger than Steve would have imagined, the CEO of Stark Industries. Steve has seen billboards with Stark's face on them, magazines with his face on the cover. Starkphones are the leading smartphone in the world. In fact, any electronic merchandise carrying the Stark Industries label skyrockets on the consumer market. Stark Tower looms in front of his coffee shop, all shining metal and glittering glass. He walks past it on the way to work. Steve starts to hand Stark his order. Stark pauses with one hand on the cup and gestures with the other. "These drawings on the walls- done by you?" "Yeah. I was an art student." "They're pretty good," Stark allows. He takes a sip of his drink and his eyes widen slightly. "So is this. Wow. I might just have to come back here- No, you know what, you just got yourself a repeat customer." Steve feels a grin spreading across his face. "You'd be my first. Repeat customer, I mean." Stark gives a dramatic display of disbelief, flourishing his coffee. "I refuse to believe that. This is too good for-" "This is only my second day of business," Steve interjects. "I opened yesterday." "Really?" Stark raises his eyebrows. "Well, now that I've tasted your coffee, I have to say I'm glad you did. Plus you're right across the street. Convenience is always good." Steve wonders if he should be flattered. Mostly he's just confused. "Thanks," he says automatically. If the CEO of Stark Industries prefers his coffee, should he really question it? "I'm Tony, by the way," Stark says, even though it’s clear Steve knows who he is. "Steve. Rogers," Steve says, and Tony smiles, tips his coffee in a mock salute, and walks out the door. -+-
Tony returns the following morning and Steve looks astonished. Tony can’t imagine why. He'd said he was going to come back, hadn’t he? When Tony first heard that a coffee shop was going to be opening across the street from Stark Tower he had been interested in a detached sort of way. A potential supplier for his caffeine-fueled nights in the workshop? Sure, he was all over that. And then Tony had caught a glimpse of its owner. Tony can't pinpoint the exact reason why he's taken an interest in the young art-student-gone-barista. Actually, no, that’s a lie. He can. Steve is fucking hot. Tall, built like a comic book superhero. He had those amazing blue eyes and that pouty mouth. Plus he had an air of sweetness and innocence that Tony, being Tony, had a base urge to corrupt. Tony steps up to the counter and presents his best smile. Steve’s eyes dance shyly away. That was much cuter than it had a right to be. "I said I'd come back, and here I am. And I'm expecting the coffee to be just as amazing as last time, if not better." Tony winks. It doesn't make the confusion fade from Steve’s face. "Kidding, I was kidding, you know that, right? I do have high standards; I realize that, but nothing to be worried about-" "I'm not worried," Steve says quickly. "What can I get you?" Tony hesitates. "Okay, how about, as much as I enjoyed the last one, how about something a bit sweeter?" Steve manages to look surprised and interested at the same time. "Sweeter than café miel?" "Yeah. I've got a bit of a sweet tooth. Pep always says I would be about fifty pounds heavier if I didn't spend so much time in the workshop, not eating. Or sleeping, for that matter. And she makes me get off my ass and work out every once and a while, so there's that." “Pep?” “Pepper, she’s- well she’s pretty much more in control of my life than I am.” When Steve looks confused again Tony clarifies. “She’s my personal assistant, but honestly, she’s much more than that. There’s really no job title for all that she does for me.” "I see. Well, I think I can come up with something for you," is all Steve says, a touch of amusement in his voice. And Tony suspects that the surge of pleasure that shudders through him is more than just anticipation of the coffee. -+-
Steve is preoccupied with a sudden influx of customers that starts early in the morning and continues into the afternoon. He barely notices Tony walk in, he and his friend Nick Fury, who has offered to help out part time, are in a frantic rush to get everything done. The surge of people dies down into a flow, and then fades into a trickle. Steve lets Nick take over and steps out from behind the counter. Tony is sitting at a table in the corner playing with a large tablet. “Hey,” Steve says, taking the seat across from him. He sets the drink he’s prepared- double shots of espresso poured over chocolate syrup and orange peel, all nestled in whipped cream- onto the surface of the table between them. It's becoming a habit for Steve to concoct something new for Tony to try when he comes in. Tony is the kind of guy that likes variation, and Steve can provide it. He catches a glimpse of the screen of Tony’s tablet but it’s incomprehensible to him, covered in mathematical equations and diagrams. “I can’t believe how busy it’s been.” “Yeah, sorry, I might’ve had something to do with that.” Tony reaches for the drink and takes a sip. He avoids meeting Steve’s eyes. “It’s possible that I might have mentioned you- your shop, I mean, to a couple people last night. In passing.” Steve gapes at him. “You just mention me and all these customers show up?” Tony shrugs. He closes his eyes and adopts the look he gets when he's savoring his coffee. Steve wonders when he started cataloguing the nuances of Tony's expressions. The shadows under Tony’s eyes indicate a sleepless night and the confusing urge to play caretaker surfaces in Steve. There’s a bit of whipped cream trapped in the hairs of Tony’s goatee. Without thinking, Steve reaches across the table and catches the cream on his thumb. He moves his fingers across Tony's jaw in a sort of accidental caress as he withdraws his hand and when he glances up again Tony's dark eyes are wide between thick lashes and his mouth is slightly agape. Steve flushes. Tony must be freaked out about him invading his personal space. Something about Tony made you feel like you were closer than you really were, deceiving Steve into thinking that such gestures were perfectly acceptable. When in fact Steve has only known the guy personally for about two weeks now. “Sorry,” Steve says. “I didn’t mean to- sorry.” Tony shakes his head slowly. “No, I- it’s, uh, it’s okay, it’s more than okay. I just- wow. I was starting to wonder if I was wrong about you." Before Steve can ask what Tony means, Nick is yelling at him to help with the cash register before he does something regrettable. Knowing Nick's temper, (Fury is a more than suitable last name in his case), Steve pushes his chair back and hurries over. -+- Tony stops inside the doorway of the coffee shop. Steve is behind the counter while Nick wipes down tables. Steve’s normally neat, parted hair is in disarray, escaping its styling to hang in front of his eyes. The front of his apron is decorated with cinnamon and his checkered shirt sleeves are drawn up to his elbows. The shop has been teeming with customers ever since Tony had raved about Steve nonstop during a party at Stark Tower. Tony had embellished slightly in his adoration of Steve. He had made him sound like the peak of human perfection- a regular coffee-serving Adonis. Pepper had been surprised Tony had managed to keep quiet about Steve for so long. He’d been trying to withhold his plans from her, knowing that she likely wouldn’t approve. And he could go without another reason to be scolded. It had all come out eventually, though, and rather than reprimanding him Pepper had openly laughed at his scheme to win Steve over. Admittedly, Tony hadn’t had much to defend himself with. His plans aren’t going exactly as… planned. Tony’s been making passes at Steve for the past couple of weeks, but Steve hasn’t acknowledged his advances in the slightest. Aside from one or two gestures that may or may have not been simply the actions of a guy who was handsy with his friends. It could be Steve simply wasn’t interested in men. But who wouldn’t be interested in Tony Stark? Tony doesn’t mind the crowd so long as Steve remembers who his first loyal customer was. He strolls over to the corner table to settle down and wait.   Thirty minutes later Steve has joined him and handed him a scoop of vanilla gelato in a small bowl and a cup with a shot of hot espresso. Tony raises an eyebrow. "Affogato? That's unusual." He picks up the cup to pour espresso over the gelato. Steve takes a seat and produces his sketchbook. "I felt like unusual today." He flips the book open and starts drawing. Tony watches him sketch for a couple of seconds before speaking. “So you want to be an illustrator?” he asks, more to make conversation than anything. He scoops up the affogato and takes a bite. They’ve talked about this before, briefly. “It’s something I enjoy doing. I get the odd job or two but there’s still not enough demand to go full time,” Steve says. “So I run this coffee shop.” “Seems like an expensive second job,” Tony says. “Why not work at a Starbucks like most art students?” “I had some money saved up. And it’s always been sort of a ... well,” Steve trails off. He seems embarrassed. Tony looks at him expectantly so he goes on. “This was a dream of mine, to open a coffee shop. To serve the American people. Supplying them with what they need to go on with their daily lives and support their families. Coffee has just always been such a large part- What? What's wrong?" “Sorry, I- Sorry.” Tony chokes out. “I’ve just, uh, I’ve never heard it described like that before. Serving the American people. With coffee.” Steve looks affronted so Tony rapidly backtracks. “Hey, I didn’t mean it like that,” he says. “It’s admirable, really. It’s rare that you get someone with as much idealism as you have these days. I mean, look, we both serve the people. I provide the toys, you provide the caffeine." And he meant it. Idealism was an attractive quality to someone as cynical as him. When he wasn't mocking it he was envying those who had it. Steve smiles. “Okay, Stark. So long as you’re not insulting me intentionally.” He sets down the sketchbook and stretches his arms up over his head, lengthening his spine. The tails of his shirt untuck to reveal a sliver of toned stomach muscle and a trail of hair that disappears under the waist of his pants. Tony realizes he’s been staring when Steve asks him if he's okay. "You can be sort of oblivious, can't you?" Tony asks incredulously. Maybe he’s just exasperated by what Pepper said the other night. Steve blinks in confusion but Tony doesn’t bother explaining. -+-      “What was your motivation behind decorating?” Tony asks him one evening, cradling his cinnamon spice mocha and leaning against the wall near the counter. Steve idly cleans the espresso machine. They’re the only ones in the shop at the moment- Nick has gone home and business is generally slow this late at night. Tony doesn’t seem to operate under normal working hours. He’s stopped coming to the shop in the mornings, instead showing up sometime around noon and staying until after hours. Steve glances around. The brown walls are decorated with his illustrations, black and white photos of 40’s jazz musicians, and old World War II propaganda posters. A tattered American flag takes up much of one wall. The furniture is dark and solid, and there is a plain wooden jukebox in the corner that will occasionally ring out in the somber tones of Billie Holiday or Robert Johnson. “It seems a bit odd. For a coffee shop, I mean. Coffee shops are usually all moody lighting and contemporary... everything. With Wi-Fi and... you don’t even have Wi-Fi, do you? That’s so old fashioned. That’s unbelievable.” “I guess I just prefer old fashioned,” Steve says. “Well, that explains the clothing, at least,” Tony says. “I can respect that. Kind of funny, actually. You live in the past and I live in the future. Remind me, why are we friends again?” Steve is preoccupied with the fact that Tony called them friends when Tony points at something behind Steve. “Who’s that? Brother? Boyfriend? Both? Sincerely hoping it’s not that last one. And, oh, is that you on the right? You’ve changed. A lot. Hard to believe.”Behind the counter is a photograph of a much scrawnier version of Steve and a dark haired boy, matching grins on their faces and arms hanging about each other’s shoulders. Next to that is another photo of the same boy, now a young man dressed in army fatigues. Steve doesn’t turn to see what Tony is pointing at. He ignores the first question in favor of the second. “Yeah. I used to be smaller-" "That's an understatement." "I was a sickly child; I had a lot of health problems. After college I started trying to eat more and exercise. Started weightlifting, boxing." Steve doesn’t really feel any different from the scrawny boy in the photograph. He still occasionally has breathing problems. Tony looks as though he's rolling that around in his head, absorbing the new information. "And the other guy?" He prompts. "That’s… he is- was- my friend. My best friend.” “Did he have a name?” “Bucky.” “Bucky?” “It’s a nickname. James Barnes.” “He was in the army?” “We enlisted together- or at least, he did. I tried to.” Tony doesn’t ask why Steve was rejected. "So what happened to him?" He asks. Steve is silent. It hurts, talking about Bucky. It's been years since he was taken from Steve but the pain is still there. It will always be there. Steve frowns and goes back to cleaning the espresso machine. It’s already clean so he’s reduced to wiping the shine on the metal. “It happened in Afghanistan. Bucky’s unit was captured by a terrorist cell.” Steve clears his throat. “We grew up together. He would- he would protect me. I was always getting into fights but Bucky always had my back.” Steve feels a hand on his shoulder and realizes Tony is next to him. He leans towards Tony and Tony drapes his arm across Steve’s shoulders, tugging him in for a brief embrace. “He sounded brave,” Tony says softly, and Steve can only nod mutely. His face is wet and he wonders when that happened. -+-
It’s after closing time in the coffee house and Tony, Nick and Steve recline on the worn couches. Nick and Steve share the large sofa while Tony has claimed an armchair. The jukebox fills the room with soft jazz and Steve and Nick are holding bottles of warm beer. Tony has declined any alcohol, opting instead for a caramel machiatto. Tony is silently listening to Steve and Nick talk. Mostly he’s watching Steve’s mouth. His red lips are distracting. They purse, quirk, spread into a smile. The bottom one juts out in an exaggerated pout. Tony swallows and diverts his gaze. He tunes back in to the conversation, resolving to pay attention. Nick and Steve are reminiscing about the past. Nick is a veteran from the same war that killed Bucky. Tony wonders if the black eye-patch that covers Nick’s left eye is a souvenir from his service. Steve lounges back contentedly, the hand holding his beer resting on his thigh. His head is turned towards Nick and he’s completely focused on what Nick is saying but occasionally his eyes will flit to the side to meet Tony’s. Then both Nick and Steve are looking at him and Tony realizes they’re waiting for him to speak. So much for paying attention. “Sorry, didn’t catch that.” “I said, I’m surprised you haven’t tried forcing any of your technology onto Steve here.” Nick repeats impatiently. “This guy believes it’s still the 1940’s. I’d think Tony Stark of all people would try to bring him into the present.” “Who says I haven’t tried?” Tony says. “I offered him a Starkphone as soon as I heard he didn’t own a cell phone. He refused. I even gave him a tour of Stark Tower, and he was more interested in the gym than my workshop. It was kind of insulting, actually.” Nick smirks. “It’s real funny seeing you in a place like this. The so-called face of innovation. Some might wonder why, exactly, you’re here every single day-” There’s something not quite friendly in Nick’s tone. Steve says, “It’s because the coffee here is so good it attracts genius billionaires.” The coffee. Right. That’s why Tony’s here. Nick appears to have had the same line of thought because he shoots Tony a look that can at best be described as unkind. Tony arranges his face into a semblance of pure innocence. He doesn’t know what he did to piss Nick off. Sadly, he wouldn’t be the first person to hate Tony on sight. “The coffee’s definitely one reason,” Tony says. “So, Fury, why are you here? Besides the fact that, you know, you’re paid…” “Steve’s one of my oldest friends. If he needs my help I’m there.” “Well, that’s commendable. Such loyalty.” Steve perhaps senses that the tension in the room is mounting, and does his best to diffuse the situation. He stands up and announces loudly that he’s going to grab more beer. Would Tony like join him? There’s an awkward pause before Tony gets up from his armchair. “Sure, Steve, if holding that beer bottle is just too much for your frail little arms.” He grabs Steve’s broad forearm and shakes his head in mock sorrow. “It’s a wonder you manage making drinks all day. Those cups can get heavy.” Nick rolls his eyes at Tony’s attempt at humor and Steve ignores him, just heads into the back room. Tony follows him. It’s dim and dusty. Stacks of cardboard boxes reach to the ceiling. Steve opens a small mini fridge and pulls out two more dark brown beer bottles. He hands one to Tony. “Give that to Nick. And, Tony, please don’t mind him. He gets suspicious. And sometimes he can be protective. He’s really a great guy.” Tony runs his fingers over the condensation forming on the cool dark glass of the bottle. “It’s okay. I don’t mind. I’m used to people either hating me or loving me.Thankfully it’s usually the latter.” He waggles his eyebrows at Steve and earns a small chuckle. “Yeah, well, I’m sure he’ll get used to you. You guys might end up being friends.” Tony doubts that. But he nods anyway. “So, as long as we’re back here…” Tony trails off suggestively and grins. Steve looks puzzled, like he always does whenever Tony flirts. “C’mon, don’t tell me you asked me back here just to reassure me about Fury. You’ve been making eyes at me all night.” “Making eyes?” “Yeah, it- it means you’ve been looking at me like you want me, okay-” “I know what it means,” Steve says. He looks stunned, and god help him if that’s not a look Tony is sick of seeing on his face. “What did you think I asked you back here for?” “Never mind, nothing, obviously I misread the situation.” Tony is more than a little frustrated and he doesn’t want to say or do something he’ll regret later. “Let’s go back, don’t want to keep Fury waiting.” For a second Tony thinks Steve is going to protest but in the end he doesn’t, just turns and leads the way back into the main room and the soothing tones of jazz.-+-
 Things have been slightly awkward between them since the talk in the back room, and then one night Tony comes in looking more ragged than Steve’s ever seen him. The shadows under his eyes have progressed into bags. He’s unshaven and his hair is a wild dark mess. “Give me as much caffeine as possible. Pronto,” Tony snaps his fingers rapidly. Steve decides it’s best not to argue (for now) and whips up something frothy, sweet and shot with espresso. Tony downs it in one go and asks for more. "You know, it's probably not the best idea to drink this much coffee when you're sleep deprived," Steve says gently. Tony rolls his eyes. “Don't you start on me, too. I've already got Pep, Rhodes and JARVIS on my ass. I programmed JARVIS myself; you’d think he’d respect me a little more when I tell him I know what I’m doing-” “What are you doing?” Steve interrupts. “You’ve been running yourself ragged these past few days, and you won’t tell me anything. I don’t want you killing yourself with caffeine and sleep deprivation, Tony.” "Better caffeine than alcohol," Tony says bitterly. When Steve gives him an inquisitive look Tony digs into a suit pocket and withdraws a brilliant blue token. He lets it clatter onto the counter. Steve picks it up. It’s engraved with a circle and triangle motif. A slogan runs around the edges and ‘6 Month’ is stamped in the center. “Alcoholics Anonymous?” Steve asks. “Six months in recovery today. I’ve been sober for half a year. I want a drink, Steve.” Tony slumps forward onto the counter and rests his head on his arms. “I want a fucking drink.” His voice is muffled. Steve pauses, and then slides his hand forward to stroke Tony’s hair. Tony makes a subdued noise in what Steve assumes is approval, pushes his head into the touch. “You’ve made it this far, Tony. That’s impressive. I’m proud of you.” This is a new side to Tony Stark that he hadn’t been expecting. Tony’s usually so good at keeping up appearances that Steve never would have suspected that he’s been going through a hard time. The late nights Tony has spent working had been chalked up to an enthusiastic and brilliant mind. Steve frowns when he thinks of what Tony has been keeping from him. His fingers tangle in Tony’s hair and he yanks them free a little too roughly. Tony grumbles and raises his head to glare at Steve blearily. “That felt good until you tried to pull my hair out,” he whines. Steve doesn’t respond and Tony says, “What? Is something wrong?” A guarded look comes over his face. “Do you think less of me now?” Steve is a little taken aback by his bluntness. “No, Tony, of course not. I just- I want you to tell me when you need help.” Tony withdraws. “Help? I don’t need help, thanks; I’ve got Pepper and Rhodey giving me all the help I could ever want. I’ve got an overabundance of help. I don’t need you looking after me, Rogers.” He stalks out of the shop, tries to slam the door but is foiled by the springs. It whispers closed in his wake. Steve waits thirty minutes before dialing Tony’s cell number with the shop phone but Tony doesn’t pick up. He leaves a voicemail before calling Pepper, who picks up on the first ring. She reassures him that she’ll make sure Tony doesn’t do anything more reckless than usual. Steve hangs up and tries, unsuccessfully, not to worry too much.Tony’s back the next day, tired and cranky and over-caffeinated but sober. That’s all that matters and when Steve tries to apologize (though for what he can’t imagine) Tony shuts him down but gives him a tired smile and okay, Steve can settle for that. -+-  Steve and Tony are sitting together at the table in the corner after hours. Over time it has become their table. More often than not Tony can be found with his work spread across the tabletop, empty coffee cups and the occasional plate decorated with pastry crumbs interspersed among the technology. These days he's finding himself spending more time here than in his workshop. It's true that Steve's coffee shop is wanting when it comes to equipment, not to mention the distinct lack of JARVIS and Tony’s music. And no Internet. But the company more than makes up for those defects. Tony pauses what he's doing and picks up his tablet. He looks to Steve, who has been drawing in his sketchbook. "What do you think?" Tony asks. He turns the tablet so Steve can see the screen. "A design for the new Starkphone. Even though you don't have a cell phone- something I still can't quite accept, it's practically archaic in this day and age- maybe you can offer some feedback anyway." Steve looks at the diagrams and the end of his pencil makes its way into his mouth. He chews on the eraser thoughtfully. "I like it. It's very… fluid. Sleek. Perhaps the screen's a bit too large. The whole phone seems unnecessarily large, now that I think about it." Tony scoffs and sets the tablet down. "Oh come on, bigger is always better these days, people want large screens." Steve chuckles. "Okay. You would know better than me." He returns to sketching, pencil moving deftly over the thick paper. Tony frowns and taps his fingers on the tabletop. He sits up a bit straighter in his seat, trying to see over the edge of Steve's sketchbook. "Why don't you show me what you've been working on? I'm curious." Steve actually pales. "No, that's- you don't want to see. Really." He stands up and fumbles with his sketchbook. Tony is out of his chair before Steve can react and he darts over, nicks the book from Steve's grasp and twirls away. Tony feels Steve's strong arms closing in on him from behind and he quickly flips the pages before Steve can get the book back. He pauses. Blinks. Runs his fingers over the sketches of himself Steve has painstakingly transcribed onto the paper. Pages and pages of Tony, a few sketches scattered here and there in the beginning but later on dominating most of the space.  The detail is astounding. Here's Tony caught in the middle of a laugh, mouth wide and teeth flashing, eyes gone squinty with mirth. Tony with his eyes closed in appreciation, likely of one of Steve's drinks. Tony gazing into space, a small smile curving his lips, mind preoccupied with something, or maybe nothing. Maybe he's just content. Content to be where he is, with Steve- Tony turns around and sees Steve has flushed to the roots of his blond hair. "I- uh." Tony Stark is speechless. Steve gently pries the sketchbook from Tony's fingers and closes it. "I told you you wouldn't want to see." When Tony doesn’t respond Steve starts to look hurt. And that results in a sudden ache in Tony's chest. "Steve," Tony says quietly. He lays his hand on Steve's shoulder. "They're- they're amazing. It just surprised me, it- you’ve never really given any indication of feeling the same way I do.” “Feeling the way you do?” Steve repeats blankly. “I- wait. Why do you think I come in here every day?” Steve blinks owlishly. “You’ve said so yourself, you really like my coffee-” Tony cuts him off with a loud snort of disbelief. He can’t help it. “You really think I came here every day for two months just for the coffee? Well, okay, maybe partly for the coffee, but that's not the point. The point is… I've been hinting at it since I met you. It feels like I've been flirting at a brick wall. Either you weren’t interested or you were just oblivious. I assumed it was the former but I just kept trying anyway- I figured there was no harm in it since you didn’t seem to care. And… I enjoy your company, that’s no secret.” Steve works his mouth wordlessly for a couple of seconds. “They’re- they’re just drawings, Tony, I don’t quite-” “Christ. Just shut up, Rogers. Honestly.” Tony pulls Steve into a kiss. Steve tastes like honey and cinnamon and coffee and Tony has to fight a smile. Steve is unresponsive at first but when Tony tries to draw back Steve catches him and doesn't let go. Eventually the need for air pushes them apart and Steve’s cool blue eyes are warm and his cheeks are red and it’s perfect.   Tony says, "Best I've been served here yet. That's a favorite, no doubt about it." Steve laughs. "Good to hear. On the house this time." “Steve, just curious. What did you think I was doing when I kept flirting with you?” “I thought you acted like that with everyone. I mean, you do have sort of a… reputation. I assumed that was just part of who you are. I guess I couldn’t believe you were serious.” Tony shakes his head. “You thought I wasn’t-” He stops himself and takes a breath. “Well, Steve, let me tell you, I’m serious. Okay? I really do like you. More than just a friend.” Steve nods. Normally Tony would be irritated with him but he just can’t bring himself to feel anything other than elation at the present moment. Tony taps the cover of Steve’s sketchbook and quirks a lopsided grin. “What do you say we hang these up around the shop?  It’d improve the décor tenfold in my opinion.” “Actually, I was thinking we could maybe work on some sketches together- you can do some modeling for me. I’ve been meaning to practice my figure drawing.” Tony is suddenly lost in the mental image of Steve studying his naked body, delicately tracing his contours and stroking his pencil over the paper and… “I think that is an excellent idea,” he tells Steve, and the smile he receives is so earnest it hurts.Daichi is pissed.Understandably so, of course. He’s a creature of habit, and it annoys him like hell whenever he’s forced to deviate from his usual routines. Add that to the fact that he got approximately four hours of sleep the previous night trying to finish an essay and, well, nobody can blame him for his grouchy demeanor and general irritability today.His morning routine is simple: wake up, take a shower, get dressed, then head down to the coffee shop just a couple of blocks off campus for breakfast and a cup of coffee to tide him over his early morning classes.It hasn’t changed ever since he was a freshman, and now he’s in his final year and so close to graduating and he’s done this for four whole years, and now, out of nowhere, he finds himself riding his bike to the coffee shop as always, already prepared to chain it to the fence and duck indoors for his usual order, when suddenly he’s faced with a long queue of people, spilling out of the shop and onto the streets, and what the hell is going on here?He hovers near the entrance for a few minutes, trying to figure out what’s happening, and that’s when he overhears a gaggle of girls near the front of the queue whispering about the hot new barista that just started work yesterday, and so-and-so said that the drinks here are totally out of this world, and what the hell, Daichi just doesn’t have time for this shit. Don’t these people have a class to get to or something?Well, evidently not, because the queue is still there and not moving and fuck it, he’s a creature of habit, and it annoys him like hell whenever he’s forced to deviate from his usual routines, but it seems that he doesn’t have a choice today.So he gets back on his bike and rides off, heading back towards the direction he came from.There’s another coffee shop that he passes by on the way to this one—he’s never been there, not out of any deliberate avoidance, but just because why would he when there’s a better, more familiar alternative just a few blocks down the street?Well—that’s not entirely true. There is a hint of avoidance in there, too. Just a bit. He’s been there once, a year ago when he’d decided to “change things up a little bit”, and had ended up with his drink almost spilled all over his shirt courtesy of a red-headed kid who ended up getting hauled away by an angry-looking co-worker.Needless to say, that was the day he’d decided that “changing things up” wasn't exactly the brightest thing to do.So it’s a combination of his irritability from having to break a familiar routine and his previous… experience at this particular joint that causes a certain apprehension to pool in his gut as he pulls up in front of the café. He pauses to look up at the sign (slightly crooked, in serious need of cleaning).The Crow Café, it reads, written in big, bold letters, the accent above the ‘e’ taking the shape of a crow in flight.Huh, Daichi thinks to himself, as he pushes the door open.The café hasn't changed much since his last visit a year ago—the same green-painted walls with wooden flooring, the counter tucked away to the side, calming music playing softly from the speakers. The whole place smells faintly of vanilla and coffee and… well, it’s actually kinda nice, really. Daichi’s memory of the place must’ve been really colored by that bad experience to have had such an (unrightfully) bad impression of the place.It’s also, of course, completely empty—business obviously having been cleaned out by the suddenly-all-the-rage café just down the street.Daichi suddenly feels strangely self-conscious for being the only patron at the store, but he shrugs it off, tells himself he’s just here for coffee, and it’s with that thought in mind that he steps forward to the counter.There’s nobody there, and Daichi can’t really blame them—they’re obviously not expecting anyone, not with business like this—so he presses the little bell that’s been thoughtfully placed next to the cashier and waits for someone to take his order. In the meanwhile he occupies himself with looking at the menu (even though he already knows what he’s going to have: a medium cappuccino, to go, because Daichi is a creature of habit, and just because he’s in a new shop doesn’t mean he’s going to get a new order too).It takes less than a minute for him to hear rapid footsteps coming towards him and he straightens up, half-expecting to see either that hyperactive red-head or his taller, dark-haired co-worker with a murderous expression.It’s neither of them.“Sorry for the wait,” the barista says, and Daichi’s order dies right on the tip of his tongue.The barista isn’t particularly tall, about the same height as Daichi himself, maybe just a little shorter. He’s slim in a way Daichi has never been, lean and almost willowy, what with the ash blonde hair that looks almost silver under the dim lighting of the café, and his eyes, a startling hazel that practically shines, or maybe it’s just Daichi’s imagination, but he’s pretty sure it’s not.“Excuse me,” the barista says, smiling at Daichi apologetically. “Can I take your order?”It’s only then that Daichi realizes he’s been staring, and it takes all his willpower not to turn and run right out of the store there and then.“Um,” Daichi says intelligently. “I’ll have a medium capp—cappu—” Shit. “I mean, a medium cappuccino to go, thanks.”“Okay,” the barista says, smiling gently, and it’s then that Daichi realizes there’s a beauty mark on his face, balanced right next to his left eye, and oh shit, he is so fucked— “One medium cappuccino to go, coming right up.”The barista disappears to prepare his order then, and Daichi’s whole body practically sags, elbows pressed against the counter as he stares down at the floor and contemplates every single one of his life choices up until this very moment.He’s dead. He’s so dead. He’s not going to make it for his morning class, because he’s going to dig himself a hole in the ground and just stay there for the rest of his pathetic, miserable experience.It’s then that the barista chooses to reappear, breezing in effortlessly, almost soundlessly, and Daichi jumps up, straightening up almost immediately and realizing simultaneously that he probably looks like a completely tool right now.“Here you go,” the barista says, still smiling, and Daichi looks down at the nametag pinned to his chest.Hi, my name is Suga, it reads.Suga, Daichi thinks. The name fits him, somehow. He can’t quite explain how, but he’s sure of it.“Thanks,” Daichi says, and manages to pay for his drink with minimal casualties, and if his hand brushes against Suga’s almost infinitesimally as they exchange money, he definitely doesn’t shiver at the touch or anything like that, because that would just be embarrassing, and Daichi got over that phase along with the acne and inability to control his dick a long time ago, way back in middle school.He definitely doesn’t leave the coffee shop in a daze, drink growing cold in his hand, his mind filled with nothing but that damned beauty mark and how Suga’s voice would sound like if he said Daichi’s name, and if he’d smell like vanilla and coffee even outside of his job.Yeah. He definitely doesn’t. At all.-Daichi finds himself at the Crow Café again the next morning. Only because the stupid queue in front of his usual hangout hasn’t let up at all (if anything, it’s grown even longer.) It’s not because he’s hoping to see that barista again or anything like that at all whatsoever.Or at least, that’s what he tells himself as he chains up his bike and walks into the store, feeling oddly nervous.It only gets worse once he spots Suga standing there behind the counter again—the shop’s not empty today, a few customers sitting at the tables, and there’s someone at the counter buying a drink, a tall guy in glasses that Daichi would probably be checking out if he wasn’t so busy staring at the way Suga’s smile lights up his whole face.He swallows, schools his shoulders, and makes his way to the counter just as the glasses guy takes his leave.“Good morning,” Suga greets him, smiling in a way that looks so genuine that it almost floors Daichi for a moment. “Welcome back to the Crow Café.”“Yeah,” Daichi says, because he is clearly the smartest guy in the room right now. “Um. Can I have a medium cappuccino to go, please?” And when he (fortunately) manages to get all the words out right this time, he allows himself some measure of satisfaction—small victories, he thinks to himself. Small victories.“One medium cappuccino to go, coming right up,” Suga says, the exact same phrase that he used yesterday, and Daichi wonders if he says that after serving every single customer who comes by him.It’s like a catchphrase, or trademark, or something along those lines.It’s… kinda cute, actually.Oh my god, what the hell is wrong with you Daichi.When he gets his drink Suga smiles at him again, and Daichi smiles back, almost by reflex, his lips curling into a grin in an immediate response to the brightness of Suga’s smile, and maybe it’s the lighting of the place or maybe Daichi’s hallucinating, but he could swear that Suga almost glows, and it’s nothing like Daichi’s ever seen before, not in any other person.“See you,” Suga calls as Daichi turns to go, and it takes all his self-control not to sprint right out of the shop.-The third day is a Thursday. He’s got it all planned out in his head already. He’ll smile and be confident, and he won’t stutter or blush. Maybe he’ll even introduce himself, properly, or ask for Suga’s name (as if he doesn’t already have it burned into the back of his brain) just as a conversation starter.He rehearses it on the way to the coffee shop—what he’ll say, how he’ll say it. Of course, the inherent assumption of all these scenarios is that Daichi’s stupid heart isn’t going to get the better of his brain, but he’s confident that it’s a safe assumption to make.So when Daichi walks into the shop, standing tall and exuding (what he hopes is) an air of confidence, and gets not the familiar mop of silvery-blond hair standing by the counter but a shaved head instead, all that sureness and certainty drains right out of him faster than he can say “fuck”.He almost feels like just heading right back out of the coffee shop, but somehow he manages to remember what it’s like to be a regular human being, and instead makes his way to the counter (if slightly unwillingly).He rattles off his order almost mechanically, and instead of Suga’s sweet voice and that catchphrase Daichi had spent far too long thinking about yesterday all he gets is a grunt in reply, and yeah, this really isn’t what he was expecting at all.Even the coffee doesn’t taste as good as it did yesterday and the day before, Daichi thinks to himself bitterly as he pedals towards campus. Maybe this is a sign that I just shouldn’t come back.-Day four is a Friday, and as Daichi cycles to the café there’s a peculiar feeling in the pit of his stomach—equal parts anticipation and nervousness, and he starts to wonder at what point did his life begin to revolve around a barista whose full name Daichi doesn’t even know, a person that Daichi knows nothing about outside of a single word on a nametag and inferences drawn from two measly encounters.He… seems nice. The gentle, soothing type, the kind of person you go to for advice or for a kind word when you’re feeling down, someone you’re not afraid to ask for help from. He seems like the sort of person who keeps his room meticulously organized, who reads good books in his spare time and listens attentively in every class.But that’s nothing but a baseless inference built on the sound of his voice and the curve of his smile, and Daichi hates it. He hates that he knows nothing concrete about this mysterious barista, and he wants to remedy it as soon as possible.That’s the thought that occupies his mind as he makes the trip down to the coffee shop, and when he steps inside he almost finds himself letting out a sigh of relief when standing there is Suga again, and he silently thanks his lucky stars for this.“Hi,” Suga says cheerfully as Daichi walks up to the counter, hands in his pockets, and for some reason he’s not… panicking. His heart rate’s not going out of control and his palms aren’t sweating like he’s in the Sahara in summer.Somehow he feels… calm. And Daichi has never been one to believe in things like fate and destiny, but he does believe in luck, and that’s what he’ll call it.“Hey,” Daichi returns. “Didn’t see you yesterday.”“I have morning classes on Mondays and Thursdays,” Suga responds, smiling, and he doesn’t look put off by the forwardness of Daichi’s comment at all, and it’s comforting, and Daichi only continues smiling as Suga continues, “so I take the evening shifts on those days. Also, can I get your order?”“Medium cappuccino to go,” Daichi grins, and Suga nods.“The usual, then?”“The usual.”“One medium cappuccino to go, coming right up.”Suga disappears to prepare the order then, and Daichi can feel the blood thrumming in his veins. He’s still smiling, hasn’t stopped smiling since Suga had said hi to him, and he’s probably crazy, but he doesn’t care. He really, really doesn’t care at all.When Suga returns he’s still smiling, and Suga smiles back, and Daichi’s heart is doing some funny little acrobatics in his chest, and he hasn’t felt this way since he was in middle school with a crush that was doomed right from the start.But this… this is different. Daichi just knows.“Here you go,” Suga calls, re-appearing with a paper cup in hand.“Thanks,” Daichi says as he hands over the money, and as Suga punches some buttons on the cashier Daichi has an internal debate on whether or not he should go ahead and just screw it, or if he should hold back.The cashier dings open and Suga extracts some coins of change and presses it into Daichi’s palm along with the receipt.“What’s your name?” Daichi blurts out.Suga pauses then, fingers still lingering just a breath away from Daichi’s palm. The feeling sends an electric shock straight through Daichi’s spine.“I’m Sugawara Koushi,” he says, after a moment’s silence. “But everyone just calls me Suga.” He gestures to his nametag for emphasis.“Suga,” Daichi repeats, and it occurs to him that this is the first time he’s actually said it out loud.Just as he suspected, the name rolls off his tongue effortlessly, easy and familiar, and Daichi wants to say it over and over again.“I’m Daichi,” he supplements, after a brief pause.“Daichi,” Suga says, smiling, and maybe it’s the slightly crooked tilt to Suga’s lips or the way his name sounds being said in Suga’s voice, but Daichi’s heart constricts in his chest, then, both pleasant and painful at the same time. “I’ll see you on Tuesday, then?”“Yeah,” Daichi says, his lips suddenly gone dry. “I’ll see you again.”He says it like a promise, because that’s exactly what it is.(It’s only much later that Daichi realizes he’d given Suga his first name, and the feeling of being totally fucked comes back and smacks him full force once more.)-Saturday, Sunday and Monday pass by in a blur. Everybody notices, especially his roommate Asahi.“Wipe that goofy grin off your face already,” he tells Daichi on Monday night. “You look like a thirteen-year-old about to go on his first date.”“Shut it, Asahi,” Daichi mumbles, but even that doesn’t manage to wipe the smile from his face completely.-“So, why’d you suddenly decide to start frequenting the Crow?” Suga asks on Wednesday as he hands Daichi his usual cup of coffee. The store is empty again (Suga assures Daichi that they’re not in danger of closing down any time soon—business in the afternoons is still fairly decent, apparently, which is a relief), which means they have time to chat at the counter without Daichi worrying about holding up the queue.“Oh, I used to go to the other café down the street,” Daichi explains, taking a sip of his freshly brewed coffee—delicious as always, of course. “But suddenly out of nowhere it just started getting insanely popular, and I just didn’t have time to stand in line for an hour just to get my morning coffee, y’know?”“But you have time to stay and chat with me?” Suga asks, teasingly, and Daichi knows it’s just a joke, but it doesn’t stop his cheeks from heating up in response.“Well— I…”Suga laughs, then, just a quiet little noise, but Daichi somehow manages to find it inexplicably charming, and by this point he’s given up trying to maintain any semblance of dignity around Suga anymore.“Don’t give me that deer in the headlights look, it’s fine, I was just teasing—”“I know,” Daichi grumbles, turning away, trying to will his cheeks back to its regular temperature. “Shut up.”Suga giggles again, quietly. “Sorry. But really though, you should probably head to class now.”At those words Daichi checks his watch, and true enough, it’s ten minutes till the start of class and, “Holy shit, I’m going to be so late, see you on Friday!”“See you, Daichi,” Suga calls, and if it gives Daichi a bit of a thrill to have Suga calling him by his first name so familiarly, well, if he doesn’t tell anyone about it no one will ever know.-This is what Daichi finds out about Suga:He goes to the same college as Daichi, in his final year as well, but the reason why he’s never seen Suga around is because he majors in Education, which is about as far away from Business Administration as you can possibly get.He likes his coffee sweet, with plenty of sugar, which Daichi figures is fitting for his name (and personality too, maybe, possibly, kind of).The Crow Café is run by high school teacher who just finished his graduate degree from the same college a couple of years ago, and he makes it a point to hire college kids in need of a job and a salary to pay their way through an education. Suga has been working at the café ever since it first opened, back when he was still a freshman, and over the years they’ve seen a motley crew come on board as well. (Daichi tells Suga the story about the red-headed kid and his angry dark-haired companion, and Suga laughs and laughs and says he’ll relay the story to Hinata and Kageyama when he sees them later.)They both used to play volleyball in high school, but due to the fact that they lived in different prefectures (and the fact that neither of their teams were good enough to make it to nationals), they never actually saw each other in a match.(Daichi thinks about the possibility of them having crossed paths sooner, years and years ago, and he wonders what it would have been like if they’d met then; would they have managed to strike up a conversation too, or would he have just let the chance pass him by?Thinking about it like that, he’s actually kind of grateful, in a way, that they met right here, like this.)Daichi learns that every single one of Suga’s smiles are genuine, even the ones he gives to the customers he doesn’t know. He studies at the Crow, once, on a Monday evening, a cup of coffee on his table and a textbook placed in front of him, but he’s not paying any attention to it—instead he’s looking ahead, to where the counter sits, and he watches as Suga gives an easygoing smile to a dark-haired girl in glasses, sliding her order across the counter and wishing her a good day.He watches as that smile never falters, not even once, and he finds himself selfishly wishing that he was the only one that Suga would smile for like that.Most of all, what Daichi learns is that in his entire life, he’s never met a single person quite like Suga before. He learns that he is drawn to this barista whom he knows nothing about, really, like a moth to a flame, like a magnet to steel—no matter how hard he tries to avoid Suga, he finds himself coming back again the next day with a smile in place and an order for a medium cappuccino to go on the tip of his tongue.He learns that Suga is everything Daichi thought he would be, and at the same time so much more.He learns that he wants to learn more, until he can say that he’s fully acquainted with the exact color of his eyes, intimate with the sound of his laughter, memorized the little mannerisms that just make Suga Suga.Daichi learns that he wants Suga. Suga’s eyes on him, his fingers wrapped against Daichi’s wrist, shoulders brushing as they walk side by side.And yeah, so maybe he doesn’t actually know anything about Suga at all, but.
(But it sometimes feels like he’s known Suga all his life.)
-It’s close to a month since Daichi first locked eyes with Suga at the Crow Café that fateful day—one whole month of nursing a hopeless, hopeless crush.“Why don’t you try asking him out?” Asahi suggests one day over dinner. “From the way you make it sound, I think he’s definitely interested.”Daichi doesn’t respond straightaway, just continues picking at his rice with his pair of chopsticks.“I don’t know,” he says, finally. “I don’t want to ruin it.”“What, so you’d rather go with a hundred percent certainty of nothing happening than with a decent chance of something?”“No, I’d rather go with a hundred percent certainty of safety rather than a tiny chance that something actually comes out of…” Daichi waves his chopsticks in the air in a vague gesture of emphasis. “…this.”Asahi doesn’t reply, but Daichi can tell he’s not finished with this particular conversation.Still, he’s thankful that his roommate knows when to back off. This is something he needs to figure out on his own.-

Reasons I shouldn’t ask him out:



Reasons I should ask him out:

-Daichi turns up on Tuesday morning with his thoughts in a mess. He’d made a list the night before, and then promptly crumpled it into a ball and tossed it into the trashcan on the other side of the room.He wonders if seeing Suga’s face will be calming, or if it’ll have the exact opposite effect.Turns out, he doesn’t need to wonder, because he steps into the store expecting to see Suga smiling at him, and instead he sees a mop of bright red hair, and oh, it’s that guy, what’s he doing here?“Hey,” Daichi says, walking up to the counter. “Where’s Suga?”The little guy — Suga had introduced him a couple of weeks ago… what was his name again… H… Hinata. Right. — frowns. “Suga-san is sick,” he says, glumly. “You’re Daichi, right? He talks about you a lot.”“Uh.” Daichi chooses not to think about the implication of that statement. “Yeah, I’m Daichi. Is Suga okay?”“He said it’s just a cold,” Hinata replies, shrugging, looking doubtful, “but I dunno, it’s just like Suga-san to make it sound less serious than it actually is, you know?”Daichi swallows.“Yeah,” he says, slowly. “I know.”The conversation dies out, then, and after an awkward moment of silence Daichi gives Hinata his order, before Hinata scurries away to prepare the drink.It takes a tad bit longer than Suga would usually take before Hinata reappears, drink in hand. There’s an odd expression on his face, and he’s chewing on his bottom lip, looking conflicted.“Okay,” Hinata says at last. “Don’t tell Suga-san I was the one who told you this, but I wrote his number down on the cup.”It’s then that Daichi realizes that there’s a string of numbers scribbled on the cardboard cup sleeve in black ink, and he freezes.“I think—I think he’d want you to call, but at the same time he wouldn’t, because if he’s really sick he wouldn’t want anyone to know about it, and… And, just don’t tell him it was me, okay?”“Okay,” Daichi says weakly, his voice sounding distant even to his own ears. He stares at the numbers, heart pounding in his chest. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he unconsciously forgives Hinata for almost spilling coffee all over his shirt a year ago.“Thanks,” he says as he picks the cup up. “Really. I owe you one.”Hinata blinks owlishly, and then he breaks out into a grin so wide is practically stretches across the entire length of his face.“No prob!” he calls across the café as Daichi turns to leave, and if it earns them some curious stares from the other customers, Daichi pays them no heed. “Now go give Suga-san a call!”He pauses, already almost halfway out the café, turns toward the counter, and grins.“I will,” he calls back, before heading out the door.-Daichi finds himself leaning against the railing next to his bike, one hand clutching his cup of coffee, the other hand punching in the numbers into his phone.When he’s done he stares at the screen for a long, long moment, as if trying to commit the numbers to memory.He thinks about Hinata’s words, and about everything Asahi has been trying to tell him for the past three weeks, and about Suga’s smile.And he figures—he figures that every single risk he’s taken so far with regards to Suga has paid off, in some way or another. He figues that if he hadn’t taken that first step to ask for his name, he wouldn’t be here now, standing in the middle of a street, clutching his phone in his hand like a nervous teenager waiting for a call.So. There’s no harm in trying.He takes a deep breath, and before he can change his mind again, he hits the call button and puts the phone to his ear.It rings for a long time. His heart feels like it’s beating in double time, strangely in sync to the dial tone that rings in his ear. He counts it down in his head—once, twice, thrice, and after a moment Daichi’s starting to lose faith, starting to wonder if this is a sign that he should just give up, when—Click.“Hello?”Suga’s voice sounds strange over the phone, and immediately Daichi can hear how hoarse he sounds. He hears sniffling, and his fingers tighten around his phone.“Hey,” he says, heart hammering in his chest. “It’s me. Daichi.”There’s a pause. Daichi tries to breathe, but it doesn’t quite work.“How did you get my number?” Suga says, finally, and Daichi almost laughs at the tone of his voice—equal parts confusion and amusement, and it’s so like Suga that he forgets, for a moment, why he was so afraid of calling in the first place.“A little birdy told me,” he answers, smiling in spite of himself. “I’ve been forbidden to tell you who, though.”Suga sighs over the phone, and Daichi’s grin grows wider. “It was Hinata, wasn’t it.”“Well.” Daichi laughs. “I guess my non-response is as good as anything else I could possibly say.”Suga tuts, and if Daichi could see his face he imagines Suga would be shaking his head right now. “I’ll deal with him tomor—” Suga starts to say, but his words are cut off by a sudden sneeze, and although he has the grace to turn away from his phone when he sneezes Daichi can still hear how violent it is, even over the muffled static of the phone line, and it reminds him of the entire reason why he’s calling in the first place.“So,” Daichi starts once Suga’s properly back on the line. “I just wanted to call to ask if you’re okay, Hinata said you have a cold—”“It’s just a normal cold,” Suga says, dismissively. “I’ll be back on my feet in no time.”“Are you sure?” Daichi asks, furrowing his brows. “It doesn’t sound like just a normal cold to me, and—”“Daichi,” Suga interrupts. “I’m fine.” There’s a slight pause before Suga adds, for emphasis, “Really.”Daichi frowns, caught between relief at Suga’s assurance and the thought that Suga might still be trying to downplay his sickness, because it’s Suga, and Daichi really wouldn’t put it past him to do something like that.“Alright,” he says at last, slowly. “But don’t push yourself or do anything stupid before you get better.”They lapse into silence then, briefly, but it’s comfortable, and Daichi’s cheeks are starting to get a little warm, but he’s smiling, a little, in spite of the worry that hasn’t quite left him completely yet, and it occurs to him just how much he enjoys spending time in Suga’s company, even if it is just listening to his voice over the phone.“Thanks for worrying about me,” Suga eventually says, and Daichi can hear the smile in his voice, and it makes his chest ache in an almost bittersweet way. “That’s really sweet of you.”And even Daichi can’t miss the teasing lilt to his voice then, but it still makes his cheeks flush and face grow hot, and god, he has no idea what to say, what the hell could he possibly say in reply to that—not a ‘thank you’ or a ‘you’re welcome’ or ‘not as sweet as your smile, though’, and all of a sudden the silence that hangs between them isn’t as comfortable as before, it’s tinged with a certain tension now, and Daichi just clamps his mouth helplessly as his fingers curl and uncurl around his phone.His mind is a blank slate of white noise and static, and that's probably the reason why the next words that come out of his mouth are completely accidental, slipping out between his lips as Daichi blurts out:“When you’re better will you go out with me?”There’s a second of silence before Daichi’s brain kicks in, and oh shit, what the hell did I just say is the first thing that registers in his mind—he’s not quite sure how he manages to stop himself from swearing under his breath right there and then, but he definitely feels like swearing, panic rising in his chest as he starts considering what he could say that would mitigate those words, but who is he kidding, there’s no taking those words back now—“I mean—” He’s sputtering now, the tips of his ears red, and trying resolutely not to think about what kind of face Suga must be making right now. “I… Just for some coffee or something, i-if you want to, that is—”Daichi’s words trail off, until he’s left with nothing but a crippling silence over the phone.Then—“Sawamura Daichi,” Suga says, voice quiet. “Are you asking me out on a date?”And there it is. The word that Daichi has been thinking for the past month but has never had the courage to say out loud, not even to himself.He swallows, takes a deep breath, and throws caution to the wind.“Yeah,” he says, his voice cracking on that one word, and he clears his throat, trying again. “Yeah,” he repeats. “Yeah, I am.”Silence. Terrifying, heart-numbing silence.And then:“Alright,” Suga says, finally, and Daichi immediately lets out the breath that he didn’t even realize he was holding. “Sure. But just not at the Crow.”Daichi can hear the smile in Suga’s voice again, even more pronounced now, and the relief that floods through him is practically palpable, makes him sag against the fence, his tight grip around his phone loosening immediately.“You got it,” he says, not even caring about how hoarse he sounds, or how obvious his relief must be from the tone of his voice, or the fact that he’s grinning so widely anyone who passes him by right now will probably think he’s insane. “Anywhere you want. My treat.”-  
Epilogue
Daichi wakes up.He doesn’t wake up in his apartment. He won’t say that this new place is familiar, (he’s not quite there just yet), but it’s not totally unfamiliar either. He’s been here quite a number of times. Slept over a large portion of those times as well.Daichi wakes up in Suga’s apartment to still-warm sheets and the smell of coffee.He gets up slowly, groggily, rubbing the final vestiges of sleep from his eyes. The sheets are rumpled and gross from the previous night, but rather than making him wrinkle his nose and make a mental note to remind Suga to put them in the wash, it just makes him smile, and that’s how he knows he’s way too far gone.(Although frankly, by this point, he couldn’t quite care less anymore—it’s become a part of his life, this I’m so fucked but I don’t even care feeling no less indispensable than his trusty, dependable bike, or his faithful morning caffeinated pick-me-up, or the taste of Suga’s lips against his own mouth.)He stretches, yawning, before sliding off the bed, pulling on a pair of discarded boxers from last night that’s lying on the floor before shuffling into the kitchen.He’s hit by two different things the moment he opens the door:The first is the almost overwhelming scent of coffee, and just the smell of caffeine is enough to give him the energy to stand up just a little bit straighter, for his eyes to get a little bit brighter.The second is Suga, standing barefoot in front of his coffee machine, a mug of coffee in one hand, wearing one of Daichi’s oversized sweatshirts and little else.The moment he hears the door sliding open he turns, holding out the cup of coffee to Daichi, and it is Daichi’s humble opinion that the smile that crosses Suga’s face is far brighter than the early morning sunlight streaming into the room.“Your order,” Suga says, leaning back against the counter. “One medium cappuccino to stay, coming right up.”Daichi smiles, crosses the kitchen to move in front of Suga, where he guides Suga’s hand to place the cup of coffee back down on the counter behind him.Then he leans forward, kissing Suga right on the mouth, and he can feel Suga smiling against his lips.“Thanks,” he says when he pulls away. “Great as always.”And maybe Daichi is a creature of habit, and maybe it does annoy him like hell whenever he’s forced to deviate from his usual routines, and maybe it should feel uncomfortable that he’s here in Suga’s kitchen, drinking homebrewed coffee instead of getting his morning cup from the café just off campus. But this isn’t involuntary—it’s a choice.And frankly, it’s probably the best one he’s ever made.(Yeah, he thinks. He could really get used to this.)Hannibal held out absolutely no hope for the new barista at all.There were only so many coffee shops within easy walking distance – or even difficult walking distance – of his office, and he’d dismissed the thought of trying the huge international chains with their poor grasp of various European languages. Instead, one by one, he’d visited the smaller local businesses, either city chains or one-shop family-run places that mostly traded on their homespun atmosphere. And, one by one, they had all failed him grievously.The coffee shops in the neighborhood now had “staff wanted” signs in their windows more often than not.He could have made the coffee himself, of course. His office had quite a spacious kitchen well-stocked with both food and beverages for whenever he was working late or had company. But he enjoyed his midday strolls, and was it so much to ask to have his preferred coffee when he stopped into a café on his way?The first time, he hadn’t contemplated that there might be a problem. But now, after dozens of attempts, with responses ranging from the perplexed to the outright rude, his faith in even the most basic talents of humanity was beginning to wane. Each new barista they employed seemed to be worse than the last – inexperienced students or the long-term unemployed who would do anything for a buck. Did no one take pride in their art? Did no one know how to make coffee?With a sigh that anticipated yet more wasted time and another foul, unacceptable beverage, Hannibal checked his watch and ventured into the coffee shop. This place had a few branches in the city, with a moderate number of people gathered around its tables. He spotted the new kid immediately. The initial impression was far from satisfactory: unkempt hair, thick-framed glasses, and a beard that had apparently grown beyond stubble out of sheer laziness. Even though he must have been in his mid-thirties, he looked like an English student who’d just rolled out of bed.His nametag read “Will”. “Uh, yes?” the barista said finally, as the woman in front of Hannibal moved away.Hannibal usually hoped for a slightly more civil form of address, but at least Will’s attitude was harmless enough: nervous, anxious to please. He explained, in careful tones to compensate for his accent and any possible misunderstanding, precisely what it was that he wanted. Will listened attentively. “You want me to brew it in the cup?” Will said. He didn’t sound incredulous. And he hadn’t replied with an outright: “Sorry, can’t do anything that isn’t on the menu.”Hannibal nodded. “Yes, just coffee grounds and hot water.”“No milk?”“No.”“Oh, so like Turkish coffee?”Hannibal’s heart sank. This had started out so promisingly. “Yes… But, Will, let me be very clear when I say this: no.”Will simply nodded and turned to his vast array of modern beverage technology. Hannibal turned to gaze at the other customers, barely even wanting to see what travesties Will was concocting behind the bar. “Excuse me, sir?” Will was back. “Is this what you had in mind?”Hannibal looked down at the cup on the bar. It seemed reassuringly brown and thick. But still… he’d been fooled before. His eyes on Will, he raised the cup to his lips and took a sip, savoring the drink, testing it in the way he might a fine Bordeaux. Finally, he gave a slight, almost imperceptible nod. “It was. Thank you Will.”He settled his bill and let his change clunk into the tip jar. In addition, he decided, he would do Will a much larger favor and let him continue to brew coffees for many years to come.Over the next few weeks, Hannibal made the shop a regular stop during his lunch hour. Will was always there, stammering through interactions with customers, sometimes simply gazing off into space if no one was immediately demanding his attention. He usually greeted Hannibal with a nod, though, holding up a finger and making his coffee before Hannibal could get a word out. Without any good reason Hannibal could give himself, he started to linger at the coffee shop, picking up a newspaper from their stack and settling into a chair to read it. Usually when he did this sort of thing, his motive was to observe someone who would later encounter him all alone in a dark space far from any assistance… But here he only truly watched Will, this young man who should not have been interesting in any way, but was in fact a singular example of his species. “I’m very impressed,” Hannibal said on one rainy day that was keeping the shop quiet. “You made my order correctly on the first try.” He was leaning against the bar, watching Will wipe down his machines. “Oh, well… It’s not very difficult.” Will seemed to have trouble even looking at him, like a blushing teenager. “And it seemed like the kind of drink you would have wanted, even before you, uh, said anything.”Hannibal raised his eyebrows. “Before I said anything?”Will shrugged, turned away. “I don’t know. It’s just… certain types of people want certain things. You can see how they dress, what phone they have. You can figure out their job, relationship status, that sort of thing. Coffee’s a pretty big part of people’s lives these days.” When he turned back, his eyes flicked up nervously to meet Hannibal’s. “Although I’m not sure why I thought… You’re always so nicely dressed. Quiet, confident. You’re not a yuppie, lawyer, trader type. Doctor?”“Psychiatrist.”“Oh. I think a lot of medical professionals just want the caffeine, really. All those late shifts.”Hannibal smiled. “You would be correct. Although personally I never had trouble staying awake. I do appreciate the care you take, Will. Perhaps you’ll let me make you dinner sometime as a token of my appreciation.”“Dinner?” Will paused in his wiping. “That’s… that’s really kind. But it’s just my job. And I don’t even know your name.”Oh, the pitfalls of a coffee shop that didn’t insist on writing first names on its cups. “Hannibal Lecter.” Hannibal held out his hand.Will shook it surprisingly firmly. “Will Graham. I guess there aren’t too many Dr. Lecters in the phonebook. That was another thing about the drink, you know, your accent… something Baltic?”“Lithuania, originally,” Hannibal said. “There we call it ‘lazy coffee’.”Will smiled for the very first time since Hannibal had known him. “When I open up my own café,” he said. “I think that’s what I’m going to call it.”                When Donghyuck woke up in the middle of the night to the sound of feet shuffling and a rustling noise as if a burglar had climbed in, he immediately reached for his baseball bat that he had tucked under his bed.                Fuck this shit. Who would want to break into a college apartment?                His hair was a mess and his eyes struggled to stay open, but the sound outside got louder and louder, making the hair on his hands stand at their ends, goose bumps crawling all over it. Donghyuck hoisted the bat, letting it rest against his shoulder as he opened the door.                It was dark outside, with only a little light from the street lamps outside illuminating the dark hallway. The rustling came from the kitchen. Donghyuck walked over as slowly and as carefully as possible, holding the bat tightly as he listened for the sound of his intruder.                Donghyuck turned a corner and found light from the kitchen. The fridge was open, but no one was around. Are you kidding me? The intruder broke in to help himself to some food?                “Donghyuck.”                “For fuck’s sake.” Donghyuck cursed loudly, almost swinging his bat at the sound of the voice. “Mark, what are you… holy shit.”                “I can explain.”                “Yeah because there is no part in our agreement that states you could come home looking like that.” Donghyuck stared at Mark. His white shirt was covered in blood, with blood stains on his chest and even some on his neck. His hands were cleaned but the ends of his leather jacket suggested they were not that way originally, but what shocked Donghyuck was the gun in Mark’s hand.                “Oh my god.”                “Hyuck, I need you to kiss me.”                “Why don’t you just shoot me with that? It’s easier that way.”                “Hyuck please.”                “But what is going on?”                “We don’t have time.”                “Time for what? Mark Lee you better-“ Donghyuck couldn’t get a word in edgewise as Mark grabbed his face and pressed his lips against him. Donghyuck could taste his sweat and even the slightly metallic taste of blood but as Mark’s hands travelled down from his face to his chest and ultimately around his waist, the last thing he was thinking about was why he was kissing him.                Mark guided them out of the kitchen and Donghyuck felt the back of his knees hitting the couch. He let his body flop backwards and they stopped kissing for a bit, but it didn’t take long for their lips to reconnect again. Mark’s hands felt rough against Donghyuck’s skin as his shirt raised slightly, allowing skin to come into contact. As Mark peppered kisses along Donghyuck’s jaw, all the younger man could think about was:                How the fuck did this happen?*****************
3 Months Ago
                “Will you please move your dirty ass feet off the table?” Donghyuck slapped Jeno’s foot away with a magazine. “My new flatmate is coming in ten minutes and the first thing they should smell when they enter a new home are flowers and detergent, not socks and sweat.”                “What’s the fuss?” Jeno yawned, one hand in a bag of chips that he opened for himself as he lounged on the couch. “It’s just some new dude.”                “Yeah well this is not any regular dude okay?” Donghyuck crossed his arms. “Renjun said that the new guy is super cute.”                Jeno raised an eyebrow at his best friend. “Renjun said that?”                “Uh huh.” Donghyuck nodded. “He said he was a new kid on campus. Just made it into the varsity basketball team.”                “You mean Mark Lee the new transfer student?!”                “That’s the one.”                “HOLY SHIT WHY DIDN’T YOU TELL ME?!?!” Jeno flung his arms out dramatically, knocking the bag of chips over onto the couch. “Grab those pillows and arrange them! Bring out the scented candles and did you scrub the bathroom walls?! No one is going to be impressed by the amount of scum that sticks there!”                “Are you genuinely freaking out or mocking me?”                “A little of both.” Jeno smirked and Donghyuck kneed him at the side of his thigh that flopped lazily on the couch. “Relax. Mark is cool.”                “You know him?”                “Not really, but I met him during sports training. He seems cool.”                “So is he cute?”                “He’s okay. His ears are a little too big in my opinion.”                “Are you saying that because you aren’t impressed or because Renjun thinks he’s cute?”                DING DONG                “Let’s find out for yourself.” Jeno grinned. He jumped off the couch to straighten himself up as Donghyuck answered the door.                “Hi, my name is Mark Lee. I’m your new flatmate.”                “Come on in.” Donghyuck smiled, letting Mark in as he tugged his suitcase behind him. He had a baseball cap on with dark hair underneath. He had on a basic printed tee and regular jeans with dirty sneakers. He looked like an average college student, but the smile he had on his face screamed radiance and happiness.                “Hey Jeno!” Mark greeted. “Do you live here too?”                “Oh no, Hyuck is my best friend. I’m just here to ruin his life.”                “Which he does perfectly.” Donghyuck shoved Jeno aside. “Your room is the one on the left.”                “Thanks! Boy this looks awesome!” Mark awed at the sight of his room. It was wide and spacious, with room for a big bed and a computer desk. There was a window looking out onto the campus just a few miles away, with direct sunlight shining into the room. “This is so much better than the cramped dorms back on campus.”                “Well it’s nice to find someone who could afford a place like this.” Donghyuck laughed nervously. “I’m aware this isn’t the cheapest place to live for a college student.”                “It’s okay, I have means.” Mark said. “You’ll get your rent on time. I promise.”                Cute and loaded. Thank you God for blessing my life.                “I know we talked a bit on the phone before you arrived but I just wanted to ask you some more questions. Is that okay?”                “No problem.”                “It’s just a few simple ones, you know, to get to know your lifestyle habits.” Donghyuck went to the kitchen and reached into the kitchen drawer to pull out a list. “Do you smoke or drink?”                “Nope.”                              “Do you invite your friends over often?”                “No, I hang out at my brother’s place more often. He’s got more room.”                “How often do you clean?” Donghyuck asked.                “Uhm…” Mark huffed, blowing air into the top of his bangs. “I try to do so every week.”                “How often do you bring dates home?”                “Uhm… what do you mean?”                “He means are you the kind who brings strangers over for a one-night stand or do you live in your girlfriend’s house?” Donghyuck elbowed Jeno and missed, knocking into the kitchen counter painfully.                “I’m still single and I don’t do the whole one-night stand deal.”                “You’re single huh?” Jeno raised an eyebrow. “Are you looking for a relationship then?”                “If the right person comes along.”                “Did you hear that?” Jeno gripped Donghyuck’s arm as he grinned excitedly. “He said he’s looking for love-”                “Shhhhh….” Donghyuck used two fingers to clamp Jeno’s lips together. “Stop talking.”                “I’d love to stay and chat, but I’ve got to go.” Mark checked his watch. “I’m meeting the guys for dinner in a few minutes.”                “What about your stuff?” Donghyuck asked.                “I’ll unpack after dinner, is that okay?”                “Of course. Anything is fine with me. Here’s the extra set of keys.”                “Thanks.” Mark beamed, heading out the door. “I’ll see you around Donghyuck.”                When the door finally closed Donghyuck lost all feelings in his legs. Jeno just grinned at him. “He’s cute, isn’t he?”                “Cute? He is fucking handsome.” Donghyuck fanned himself. “You knew this would happen wouldn’t you?”                “I didn’t but come on, you’re not exactly subtle when you see a hot guy. You melt like cotton candy in the desert.” Jeno teased. “He is nice though, real polite, great smile, he does sports so obviously he’s got at least a three-pack underneath…”                “Six.” Donghyuck interrupted. “I saw the outline underneath his shirt.”                Jeno cackled evilly and slapped Donghyuck on the back.*****************                “How are things going with your new roommate?”                “I wouldn’t know.” Donghyuck sighed, grabbing his apron as he walked into La La Love Café’s kitchen, washing his hands in the sink. “He’s rarely at home. He comes back at odd hours of the night and he never eats at home. Not even breakfast.”                “How long has he been living with you?” Taeil, the owner of La La Love Café and Donghyuck’s employer asked.                “About three weeks now.”                “As long as he doesn’t make a mess of things.” Taeil laughed, patting Donghyuck’s back. “Are you ready for another day of work?”                “I’ve been working here for almost a year.” Donghyuck grinned. “I am more than ready.”                Taeil gave Donghyuck’s shoulders a squeeze as customers from started pouring in. Donghyuck didn’t really need a part time job but his father insisted on him getting one to ‘instil discipline and core values’, most likely in exchange for letting him stay and rent out the apartment he’s using now. He started working for Taeil at his café and he hasn’t left since. Taeil runs an honest business and he is always so sweet to his customers, and to him to. An hour into the job and Taeil rushes into the kitchen, climbing up onto a stool and reaching for a jar on top of the fridge.                “Seriously hyung.” Donghyuck sighed. “Are they here again?”                “They have been coming every day.” Taeil frowned, pulling out a large wad of money.                “Are you sure there is nothing we can do about it? Can’t we report it to the police or something?”                “Hyuck, they are the police.”                “They are not policemen. They are bullies and Mafia men.” Donghyuck said.                “I can’t afford to let any harm come to our business.”                “They keep coming everyday and pretty soon we won’t have a business.”                Taeil just shushed Donghyuck as he tucked the money into his pocket and walked outside. Through the window, he saw Taeil hand over that large sum of money, which could have been Donghyuck’s weekly pay or even bought the café some new tablecloths and silverware. The big men dressed in black with cigarettes sticking out of their mouths counted the money, patted Taeil on the back (a little too hard because he almost keeled over) and left without saying a word.                Dumb fucking bullies.                “How are the crème brulees coming?”                “Just nice.” Donghyuck said, handing over the two plates of desserts.                “I know you don’t like them and neither do I.” Taeil said. “But I have too much riding on this business to risk losing it.”                “I just wish there was something we can do.” Donghyuck said. “You don’t deserve to be extorted this way. Heck, nobody does. This is a free country and what they are doing is illegal.”                “Times like this you really need a hero, don’t you?” Taeil smiled weakly. He went back to the front counter and they said no more about this. Donghyuck saw the white hairs sprouting off the top of Taeil’s head and wished that there really was a hero this time.*****************                “Someone slap me and call me Chewie.” Donghyuck grinned from just behind his laptop. “You’re home.”                “Got a math test tomorrow.” Mark laughed, forehead drenched in sweat with a basketball tucked underneath his arm. “Don’t you have an exam tomorrow too?”                “It’s not really an exam, more like a quiz.” Donghyuck answered. “How did you know about that?”                “I heard one of the guys on the team talking about how his girlfriend has a biology exam tomorrow. I assume she is your classmate?”                “Who’s the guy on the team?”                “I think his name is Jinyoung.”                “Oh.” Donghyuck made a face at the sound of his name.                “What’s wrong?”                “Do you like him?”                “I don’t know him very well.” Mark shrugged. “But I’m guessing he’s not popular around here.”                “It’s just me I think.” Donghyuck sighed. “His girlfriend is Yeri and she’s my friend. I don’t like him around her.”                “Do you like her?”                “Yeri?” Donghyuck made a face and scoffed. “She’s a great girl but I don’t swing that way.”                Mark seemed to be smiling a little. Donghyuck closed his laptop and got off his chair.                “Let’s do something together. We have been living together for almost a month and we haven’t done anything together.”                “What do you want to do?”                “We could watch a movie.” Donghyuck suggested. “Have you seen Thor yet?”                “No, I haven’t.”                “That’s great then!” Donghyuck clapped his hands. “I’ll get the movie, you bring the popcorn and we can hang out tonight.”                “Deal.” Mark smiled, dumping his dirty clothes away as he rolled up his sleeves. “9pm?”                “As long as you’re actually here.” Donghyuck shrugged. “I mean, I don’t even know where you are most of the times…”                “Don’t worry. I’ll be here for this one.”*****************                When the clock hands turned to show 10pm, Donghyuck couldn’t decide whether to be angry or sleepy. A rerun of Frozen was showing on TV and Donghyuck was already rolled up in his pajamas and tucked under a giant blanket. He kept yawning and yawning, and he knew that if his head hit the pillow he would fall asleep immediately.                But Mark promised me. He said he would be here.                Elsa was singing her classic tune as the clock hands moved further into time. Donghyuck’s eyelids were heavy.                What if something happened to him?                All 17 of his messages went completely unanswered. He tried calling and no one picked up at all. A part of Donghyuck was hurt and disheartened (the other was tired and exhausted).                Looks like Mark has an incredibly busy life. Maybe he’s hanging out with someone.                Images of Mark hanging out in clubs, bars, rolling with the fast crowd, girls on his arms. It could have been delirium but images of Mark raising his glass at the bar quickly shifted to him being an undercover assassin, to him secretly having wife and children on the outside of town who doesn’t know about his double life as a student.                I need sleep.                Donghyuck yawned again.                11pm.                His head hit the pillow, and he was out.*****************                Donghyuck was hoping that when he opened his eyes, Mark would be there. He would come in, apologise for being late and offer to make it up to him.                There was of course, no such thing. Donghyuck rubbed his eyes as he sat up, feeling the familiar roughness of bedsheets under him.                Hang on a minute. Bedsheets?                Donghyuck rubbed the sheets and flipped his blanket. He blinked with intensity as he searched his surroundings. How could he be back in his room? Donghyuck had distinctly remembered falling asleep on the couch. How did he get back here?                Sleepwalking wasn’t an option. Donghyuck was a heavy sleeper and he didn’t have the habit of sleepwalking. Did he wake up in the middle of the night and walked himself over? Or did…did Mark Lee carry him over?                Impossible. But if he did, and I’m not hoping he did, okay yes I am, he is damn strong.                Donghyuck left his room and walked to the entrance of the apartment. Mark’s usual sneakers weren’t there, so obviously he left early in the morning. Or maybe he never came home at all.                Donghyuck walked into the kitchen and found something on the table that wasn’t there the day before. He fingered the white box on the table and found a note attached with it.
Dear Hyuck,

I am so sorry I was late. I should have called but something happened and I wasn’t able to. Please forgive me. Let’s do something together again some time soon.

 

p.s I hope this helps you start your day off right.

 
                Donghyuck opened the box and lo and behold, it was a box of breakfast donuts. They were still warm and smelled absolutely incredible. Donghyuck couldn’t resist taking one and stuffing his mouth immediately.                So he’s a lousy roommate, but he sure has good taste in donuts. “And that’s basically it!” Sugawara leans back against the counter and smiles at Hajime. “Latte machine’s still a little finicky, but I’m sure you’ll figure it out. Daichi’s an old pro at making the coffee and can I just say that we are so glad to have you here. Like, we get plenty of baker applications and barista apps, but baker and barista? You, my friend, are a godsend.”“Thanks,” says Hajime distractedly, still a little in awe at the shop itself. Every surface is polished and shining, the glass windows immaculate. The in-house mugs are all lined up in gleaming rows, painted with the crow-and-feather motif that adorned the sign hanging outside with the words Karasuno's Coffee + Bakery  painted in thick san-serif text. “Anyway, we open in about ten minutes. You’ll have time to bake tomorrow, I promise, but right now we need you manning the cashier and coffee machines along with Yachi.” Sugawara wipes his hand across his forehead and glances at the clock, unaware of the flour streak he left behind. “Don’t worry. You’ll do fine.”Hajime learns three things over the next few days. 1. There are three other people that work at the shop other than himself, Sawamura, and Sugawara, who insisted that Hajime call him Suga. One is Yachi, a cute blonde girl that has been banned from using the coffee machines but is a fantastic cashier. Another is Hinata, an impressively hyper orange-headed kid who makes coffee faster than the rest of them but spills it more. And the last is Tsukishima, who spends half his time sniggering at Hinata’s cries of dismay over spilled coffee and the other half making lemon bars that make Hajime’s eyes roll just a tiny bit up into his head. 2. Karasuno Coffee + Bakery is impressively busy for a small local coffee shop. Hajime attributes that to Suga’s insanely charismatic personality. They have tons of regulars whose names Hajime is slowly starting to memorize: Kenma, a quiet boy with video games, whose coffee is ordered by his tall, messy-haired friend Kuroo; Nishinoya, whose hair rivals another regular, Bokuto; Kiyoko, whom Yachi can’t stop blushing around, et cetera.3. One of these regulars, whose name is spoken in dire tones by Hinata and Sawamura, is a fucking pretentious asshole. And luckily for Hajime, he meets this regular on only his third day.“Non-fat frappuccino with extra whipped cream, caramel, and chocolate sauce, to-go!” Yachi calls back from the cash register. Sawamura bangs his head against the wall, muttering something that sounds suspiciously like, “not again,” and Hajime is confused.“What kind of an order is that?” Hajime snaps, hands already moving to make the order. “It’s Oikawa,” says Sawamura in a tone so full of resignation and regret. “I should’ve known the minute I heard a ton of girls come into our shop. I thought that maybe they heard that our Pumpkin Spice Latte is back.” He throws his hands up into the air and says mournfully, "I was so wrong."Suga sticks his head out of the back as Hajime shakes the whipped cream canister. “I hear a gaggle of girls. Is Oikawa here?” he asks teasingly, smiling.“Yes,” says Sawamura, voice dark. “With one of his orders from hell.”Suga laughs. “Don’t be cruel. He’s good for business.”Hajime finishes drizzling on the chocolate sauce and walks up to the counter. “Non-fat frappuccino for Oikawa,” he says.“Oh, that’s me!”Oikawa, on first impression, looks nothing like the devil from hell that Hajime soon learns him to be. Rather, he looks soft and handsome, wrapped up in a scarf to ward away the autumn chill, hair perfectly styled and brown eyes warm. He is taller than Hajime, his clothes just thin enough to cling to the defined muscle of his arms and Hajime reflects that he really was good-looking.It really is too bad that his order is the stupidest thing that Hajime has ever heard.
Perhaps Hajime stands there for just a second too long, because Oikawa cocks an eyebrow, gives Hajime a blank, fake smile and says, “Is there a problem?”
And—oh god, Hajime is not an impulse guy, he’s a rational person, but it’s something about Oikawa’s face, his fake smile, that makes him splutter out, “Why did you order that?”The other eyebrow goes up. Oikawa, looking taken aback, takes a pointed sip of his ridiculously complicated coffee and says, “It tastes good.”“Yes, but—non-fat? Really? And then you go ahead and put whipped cream on it? I mean, what is the point?”The longer Hajime talks, the louder he gets, until both Sawamura and Yachi are gaping at him and Hajime is just completely and utterly mortified. Oikawa, on the other hand, merely laughs and says cheerily, “Still tastes good. Thanks for the coffee, Iwaizumi-san!” before sailing out of the door, and taking his fangirls with him (many of whom are glaring at Hajime). The shop seems curiously empty after he leaves. Hajime’s face is burning.“Well,” says Sawamura, thoughtfully. “Not going to lie, I’ve always thought of doing that to him, but maybe in the future…don't insult the customer's order?”Hajime bangs his head against the counter.  It’s a week after and Hajime’s peacefully kneading dough in the back of the shop when he hears Hinata shriek, “A WHAT?”A few seconds later, Yachi pokes her blonde head through the door and says timidly, “Uh, Iwaizumi-san? It’s Oikawa again and uh…Hinata’s not really used to taking Oikawa’s orders, because it’s always Sawamura-san who’s around but right now…”Right now Sawamura and Suga were out, presumably off on one of their dates, leaving Hajime technically in charge. Hajime groans, washes his hands, curses his fate, and returns to see Oikawa impatiently waiting and Hinata flailing his hands around like a crazy person.“What’s the order now?” snaps Hajime, and is completely unprepared for the way that Oikawa’s face just lights up when Hajime appears. It’d be sweet on any other customer. Hajime isn’t accustomed to being someone’s favorite.“Hey, hey, Iwaizumi-san!” Oikawa says, waving frantically like Hajime isn’t three feet in front of him. “My favorite barista!”“What’d he order now?” Hajime asks Yachi, who winces.“You’re not going to like it,” she says.Hajime braces himself. “Hit me,” he says with the air of a man going to war.“Quad grande, non fat, extra hot caramel macchiato upside down.” Yachi takes a step back and bites at her nails.Hajime takes a second to breathe before he roars, “UPSIDE DOWN?” at Oikawa, who smiles benevolently back at him. “Are you crazy?”“Ah, ah,” says Oikawa, waving his hands in front of him as if to dispel Hajime’s anger. “I’m sure Iwaizumi-san is more than capable of creating a masterpiece like that.”Breathe, Hajime tells himself. Breathe and do not throw something at this fool. For a minute, he pictures it: the beautiful arc of a french press colliding with the smug smile of the asshole in front of him. But instead, he turns and stalks to the coffee machine, creating this truly absurd order with as much finesse as he can.“Here,” he grinds out, thrusting the order Oikawa’s way. Yachi and Hinata watch with apprehension as Oikawa takes a sip—and Hajime’s anger turns into something significantly more embarrassed when Oikawa lets out a noise of such pleasure that Hajime’s cheeks flush red.“Perfect,” says Oikawa, grinning at Hajime like he knows exactly what’s going on in Hajime’s mind. “Thanks for the coffee, Iwa-chan!”At first, it’s the compliment that sticks out in Hajime’s head, and then when Oikawa’s almost at the door, it registers what exactly he said. “Did he just…call me Iwa-chan?” says Hajime flatly, caramel sauce bottle still in hand.“Yes,” says Hinata with some trepidation, and then lets out a squawk as Hajime squeezes the bottle so tightly that caramel squirts up to the ceiling. The next fifteen minutes are spent trying to get it off the ceiling, the result of which is Hinata on top of Hajime’s shoulders as Yachi tosses towels and soap up to him, and when Suga and Sawamura walk through the door and see the tableau in front of them, they start laughing and cannot stop. His life is not blissfully Oikawa-free after that. Rather, the opposite. Oikawa starts showing up even more frequently with his groupies trailing after him. His coffee orders, if possible, get even more elaborate, and what's worse, he won't stop calling Hajime by that damn nickname.“STOP CALLING ME IWA-CHAN,” Hajime has yelled on multiple occasions, much to Oikawa’s cackling amusement. He starts retaliating by calling Oikawa ‘Trashkawa’ or ‘Shittykawa’ much to the scandalization of Oikawa. (“Iwa-chan, so mean!”) It helps until he realizes with some dismay, two weeks later, that he actively turns to the sound of “Iwa-chan!” This is, he reflects, a truly dark time in his life.It gets even worse when Oikawa discovers that Hajime is one of the bakers.It happened so fast: Oikawa complimenting a blueberry scone, Yachi absently saying that the batch was baked by Hajime, and suddenly Hajime’s arms were full of a swooning Oikawa praising his culinary skill and begging Hajime to “Run away with me, Iwa-chan, I’ll pay you so much to cook me food all the time” and so forth along that thread until Hajime unceremoniously dumped him on the floor, stepped over his body, and continued making coffee.“Bake me something lemon-flavored next time!” Oikawa calls over his shoulder as he exits Karasuno’s Coffee.Sawamura and Tsukishima find it endlessly amusing, Suga and Yachi find it cute, Hinata is confused and somewhat intimidated around Oikawa, and Hajime is continuously pissed off.(He denies to himself that Oikawa’s the reason he’s staying up until midnight looking up lemon-based recipes. He just really likes citrus-y pastries. It has nothing to do with the pleased little hum Oikawa makes when he bites into something he likes.)(He denies it also to Tsukishima and Suga, both of him taking the shit out of him when they see him making lemon macarons the next day.)(It’s all worth it when Oikawa bites into the macaron, makes the happy noise Hajime was definitely not waiting for, and buys five more. “Iwa-chan,” he says, voice so dazed, so happy, “Iwa-chan, you are amazing.”)However, other than his ridiculous orders, Hajime knows next to nothing about Oikawa, until one bleary winter morning when Kuroo walks in the door just in time to see Hajime scrub his floury hands through Oikawa’s hair to much screeching of, “Abuse, this is abuse, Iwa-chan! I’m never coming back here again!”“Good!” shouts Hajime, completely unconcerned. Oikawa makes a betrayed noise and stalks out, pride as ruffled as his hair. Kuroo steps around him and to the counter, and Hajime smiles. “What can I get you, Kuroo?”“Um, black coffee, to-go,” says Kuroo absently, and then says, “Was that Oikawa Tooru?”Tooru. Hajime pours coffee and resolutely does not think of that name and how soft it sounds, how his mouth would shape around it. “Maybe,” he says. “I just know of him as Oikawa. Or Trashkawa, depending on how fucked-up his coffee order is. Black coffee, here you are.”“Huh,” says Kuroo. “Definitely Oikawa, then.”He sounds amused and even a little fond, and probably would’ve walked away had Hajime not said with some surprise, “You know him?”“Know him?” Kuroo laughs. “We played against each other in college. Volleyball. He was a genius on the court. In fact, I’m surprised he isn’t on the national team.” He toasts Hajime with his paper cup, a sardonic little smile twisting his lip. “Thanks for the coffee, man.”Tooru, Hajime mouths to himself, pressing his fingers against his lips and feeling like a middle-schooler with a crush all over again.It’s a while before Oikawa comes back, but when he does, it’s late at night and Hajime is the only one in the shop. “Iwa-chan,” he says, mouth so sweet around the nickname, sliding a chair up close to the counter and resting his chin on the cool marble. “Make me coffee.”“Hell no, you’ll be up all night,” Hajime replies and resists the urge to run his fingers through Oikawa’s hair.Oikawa makes an unhappy noise and presses his cheek against the counter. “‘M tired,” he whines and Hajime rolls his eyes. “Food. Gimme.”“What are you, four?”Oikawa cracks open one lovely brown eye, and Hajime folds. There hasn’t been a time, he reflected, when he was able to stand up and exert his right to refuse service to Oikawa. “I’ll make you tea,” he compromised, “and Tsukishima baked some lemon bars earlier today and they’re pretty good.”"Hmm," says Oikawa before taking a bite. He says, voice muffled, "Yours are better," and Hajime almost drops the mug he’s holding. Instead, he clears his throat, wills away the flush in his cheeks, and boils water.Since nobody else is probably going to come this late and Hajime was about to close up shop anyway, he makes two cups of tea and drags up his own chair to join Oikawa. After the first sip, Oikawa looks up and smiles at him so tiredly but so honestly, and Hajime thinks to himself, I could get used to seeing this smile. Instead, he blurts out, “One of our other regulars knows you, y’know.”The smile remains but turns decidedly more confused. “Who?” asks Oikawa.“Kuroo…dark hair, messy? Really tall, has some blonde short boyfriend that’s always playing video games.”“Oh, him.” Now, Oikawa’s smile is completely gone. “Yes. We, uh, used to play against each other.”“Volleyball,” supplied Hajime, word tripping over itself in his mouth at the carefully blank look on Oikawa’s face. “I used to play too, in high school.”Oikawa smiles again, but it’s fake, and Hajime curses himself. “Really? What position? I was a setter.”“Wing spiker.”“Mm.” Oikawa drags his eyes up and down Hajime’s body and Hajime resists a shiver. “Yeah, I can see it.”They’re quiet for a moment as Oikawa slowly munches on his lemon bars and Hajime struggles for something to say, eventually landing on, “Do you still play?”Immediately, he knows he’s hit a sour spot, because Oikawa’s face goes still, eyes fixated on the steam rising from his tea. “No,” Oikawa says finally. “I don’t.”Hajime has absolutely no idea what to say to that, and he just remains quiet until Oikawa says, “In, uh, high school, I overworked myself and fucked up my right knee. It healed, and I thought everything was going to be fine, but, uh, it wasn’t? It happened again, in college, and the doctor said I wouldn’t be able to play again, competitively, which really…it really fucking sucked.” Some latent bitterness seeps into his voice and he shakes his head, pressing a hand to his forehead, before looking up and smiling. “But it’s fine now.”It very clearly isn’t, but Hajime doesn’t press. “Eat your lemon bars,” he says, and Oikawa’s smile grows a little realer before he obeys. Vaguely, Hajime thinks to himself how gorgeous Oikawa is, how obnoxious he sounds when he gorges himself on lemon bars (the cost of which are definitely coming out of Hajime's paycheck), and he wonders if there was ever a time when he hadn't loved this fool. The end of January is near and perhaps there’s something in the coffee but suddenly everybody seems to be falling in love.Suga and Sawamura were always disgustingly in love, but suddenly Tsukishima starts bringing this freckled boy along and they kiss in Hajime’s peripheral vision. The boy even calls him Tsukki and Tsukishima doesn’t kill him, and if that isn’t love, Hajime doesn’t know what is. Even Hinata has a boyfriend, some sullen black-haired guy who spends half his time arguing with Hinata and the other half looking at him like he's hung the moon. Hajime can relate.“It’s because Valentine’s Day is coming up,” Yachi says wisely. “Everybody wants to have a date.”Then she squeaks and dives under the counter because Kiyoko has just walked through the door. Hajime sighs, looks down at Yachi and back up at Kiyoko, and says, “What can I get for you?”“Cappuccino, please,” says Kiyoko, and Hajime steps away from the counter in order to make it. When he returns, Yachi is still plastered to the ground and Kiyoko is looking around almost like she’s looking for someone. So naturally, Hajime asks, “Are you looking for something?”Kiyoko startles, turns to him and says with an apologetic smile, “Oh no, just…Whatever happened to the blonde girl? Who worked here? I just feel bad—she disappeared after she accidentally spilled coffee on me and I really hope she wasn’t fired.”Yachi makes a noise like a dying cat. Hajime coughs loudly to cover it up.“No, she’s fine.” Hajime shrugs and hands over the cappuccino. “You just must be here at the wrong times. She’s on break right now.”“Ah.” Kiyoko’s eyebrows draw together as she contemplates this, and then she offers Hajime a slight smile. “Thank you for the coffee.”The minute the bell tinkles behind her, Hajime looks down at Yachi and says dryly, “She’s gone.”“Thank you Iwaizumi-san.” Yachi springs to her feet and bows repeatedly, flushing bright pink before her face crumples. “Oh my god, she remembers me as the girl who spilled coffee on her. I think I’m going to puke.”That’s how Hajime finds himself rubbing Yachi’s back in soothing circles as she panics about Kiyoko. “Look,” he says finally. “She obviously liked you enough that she didn’t want to be fired. Why not…ask her out?”“I can’t do that.” Yachi twists her hands, rocking back and forth. “What if she says no?”“Then that sucks, but at least you got out there. At least you tried.” Hajime smiles ruefully. “That’s the important part, at least.”“She’s so cool,” wails Yachi. “Did you know she has a tattoo on her lower back? She wore a crop top once and I saw it and she’s so out of my league, senpai, it’s ridiculous.”Tell me about it, Hajime thinks, but outwardly he says sternly, “Yachi, that’s not true at all. You are just as cool as her. You’re—you’re kind, sweet, and everybody in this shop loves you.” It's sappy, he knows, but it's also indelibly true. Yachi gazes up at him with such a starstruck expression that Hajime feels uncomfortable and rubs a hand over the back of his head. Then his breath leaves him with an oof when Yachi wraps her arms tight around him and squeezes, saying muffled gratitudes into the fabric of his apron. After a minute, he hugs back. Because Suga is the kindest soul on the planet, he bakes Yachi a cake when she comes in screaming about how Kiyoko said yes, and even closes up shop early so that they could have a makeshift party. Because he is also evil, he also invites Oikawa with a sly glance in Hajime’s direction.“Why,” hisses Hajime and Suga gives a demure little smile.“I like Oikawa,” Suga says simply, and then laughs at the look on Hajime’s face. “Like he isn’t your favorite regular.”The sad fact is, Oikawa is Hajime’s favorite regular, and boy does Oikawa know and exploit that fact. There’s nary a week that doesn’t pass with the brown-haired terror popping up with a, “Yoo-hoo, Iwa-chan!” and a demand for some newfangled and impossibly stupid coffee that makes Hajime want to kick him over the head. He expects the party to be much the same. He doesn’t expect Oikawa to bring a date.She’s beautiful. That's the first thing Hajime thinks. She looks like one of those old 70's stars: all flawless black hair pulled back in an elegant chignon, and dark eyes rimmed with kohl. What's worse is that the minute she comes in on Oikawa’s arm, laughing at what he says, everybody turns to look at Hajime and he finds himself crushing the cup in his hand. Suga, especially, looks horrified, and Hajime’s mind is blank until a roaring surge of embarrassment sets in.He must’ve looked so stupid, so obvious, in his pining for Oikawa, and now he just looked even more stupid and more obvious in his jealousy.“This is Aida-chan,” Oikawa is saying, and Aida beams, glossy red lips. “Aida-chan, this is everybody.”“Nice to meet you,” Sawamura is the first to say, and the others chime in as well, and Hajime leaves to get some air. Because he can't lie right now, can't go up to Oikawa's date and say that it's nice to meet her, not when his heart was ripping itself to pieces. It’s cold out, as winter isn’t quite yet over, and Hajime desperately wants a smoke, even though he quit that habit years ago.“Stupid,” he says out loud to the dark streets, and wonders if he means the habit, Oikawa, or himself.He’s pondering whether or not he should go back inside when the rattle of the screen door opening startles him and he jumps, turning around. “Hey,” says Sawamura, awkward and looking like he wished to be anywhere but there. Hajime could relate. “How you, uh, how you holding up?”Hajime shrugs. He doesn’t bother asking how Sawamura knew. "He never talks about girls," he says finally. "Yeah.""I thought..." Hajime scrubs a hand over his face and laughs ruefully. "Ah, well, it doesn't matter any more." Sawamura is quiet until he says, “Are you going to head back in there?”Hajime really doesn't want to. But he helped set up Yachi and Kiyoko, and he genuinely likes his co-workers, so he nods and stands up.“You don’t have to.”Hajime lets out a long breath. "Nah," he says finally. "I'll be fine."It takes constant effort and vigilance, but he manages to duck Oikawa and his girlfriend the entire night long. Near the end, he catches Oikawa looking at him, brow furrowed, and Hajime takes a long drink of vodka, figures he’s stayed long enough, and leaves. He takes the bottle, because Suga wouldn’t mind, and drinks himself into a stupor that night. Maybe he cries a little. Maybe not. He's too drunk to remember, anyway. The hangover the next morning is stupendous. “Wow,” says Yachi, eyes round, when Hajime stumbles in the next morning wishing he was still in his comfortable bed. “Wow, Iwaizumi-san, are you okay?”“Peachy,” says Hajime and slams his way into the bakery to make peach tarts to emphasize how perfectly peachy he is. Suga looks up when he comes in, opens his mouth like he wishes to say something, but the black look on Hajime’s face dissuades him from any immediate speech.Twenty minutes later, though, he says, “I’m sorry about what happened last night.”Hajime mixes the flour and eggs together a little harder than he should and says, “Yeah. Me too.” It’s late in the afternoon when Hinata taps on the door and says, “Iwaizumi-san? Oikawa’s here.”“Sawamura’s here,” grunts out Hajime, chopping up peaches with such ferocity that Suga looks on the verge of taking the knife away from him. “Yes but…” Hinata trails off, looking adorably confused. “Don’t you…”“Don’t I what?” says Hajime, slamming the knife down and staring to put the peaches onto the mascarpone.Hajime perhaps snaps that a little too loudly, because Hinata squeaks out, “Nothing!” and disappears back to the front.Hajime arranges peaches resolutely and does not care. He has a headache and does not want to deal with Oikawa now or ever. He just—honestly, he just wants to sit on the bakery and eat everything surrounding him, but currently he had to make the food, which was even more of a downer. It’s not five minutes later that Yachi comes in and cautiously hands Hajime a note. “It’s from Oikawa-san.”When he doesn’t take it from her, Yachi heaves a little sigh and drops the note next to his cutting board. “Just read it?” she pleads, and the full force of her puppy-dog expression makes Hajime exhale and reach for the innocuous slip of paper.It’s not an apology—it’s not at all what he expects. It is simply a, “Feel better soon, Iwa-chan!” and a little drawing of a cup of coffee. The drawing is horrific. He shouldn’t be smiling.“He read it!” Yachi hollers to the front.“Is he still moping?” Hinata hollers back.“Shut up!” snaps Hajime. “I’m not—I’m not moping.” He’s definitely moping. “What, uh, what did you guys tell him?”“Uh, Sawamura-san covered for you. Said you were sick. He didn’t look convinced, but Sawamura-san can be…very intimidating,” says Yachi, plucking a peach slice off the cutting board and popping it into her mouth.“Ah,” Hajime says and swats away her hand when she reaches for another.He doesn’t see Oikawa for a few days after that, but it’s just his luck that he’s alone in the front with Tsukishima in the back when Oikawa shows up. Hajime plasters a smile on his face. “Welcome to Karasuno's Coffee + Bakery,” he says flatly.“Iwa-chan,” says Oikawa, face flushed from the cold outside, eyes very wide. “I, uh, you weren’t here last time.”“Sick,” said Hajime.“Right.” Oikawa doesn’t look fooled at all. Before he can say anything else, Hajime butts in with a, “What will your order be today?”“Triple, venti, soy, no-foam latte,” says Oikawa and then gives Hajime an expectant look. Hajime doesn’t rise to the bait. He is a professional. It's—it's stupid and childish to belittle the customer's coffee order. It's like the equivalent of pulling pigtails. “Will that be all?” he asks, and watches Oikawa deflate like an old balloon. His chest vaguely hurts.“Yes,” says Oikawa, voice very soft, and steps aside for the next customer. As Hajime makes another stupid coffee order, his eyes keep darting over to Oikawa. He looks strangely bereft without his gaggle of fangirls and tired, too. Iwa-chan, he said, but he also called that woman Aida-chan, and Hajime curses his own stupidity. Of course Oikawa was straight. “Soy venti,” he says and Oikawa steps up, eyes fixated on Hajime’s face.“Iwa-chan,” and Oikawa’s voice is disappointed and hurt, “What’s wrong? Why—““Bad day,” says Hajime, because there was no way he could say, 'Well I really hoped to date the hell out of you and now I'm suffering thanks to my own stupidity. Also, you look really nice today.'  Oikawa eyes him, mouth pursed, and then drops a five dollar bill in the tip jar before giving Hajime a weak smile and a salute. “Thanks for the coffee,” he says, and leaves Hajime standing there at the counter hopelessly in love. It is probably pathetic that Hajime’s the 7th wheel. Not even the third. Hinata’s dating some dude named Kageyama, and since Hinata and Kenma are “best friends, Iwaizumi-san!”, Kenma and Kuroo are also coming, and Kuroo just happened to invite his friend Bokuto who’s dragging along his boyfriend Akaashi, and long story short, Hajime is in the middle of a gay lover’s fest and is completely alone.Why am I here, he thinks.“Hmm,” says Kuroo when he arrives and sees an odd number of people. “That’s awkward.”“Thanks, Kuroo,” says Hajime.“What? What’s awkward?” asks Bokuto, and after a long moment in which his boyfriend, Kuroo, and Hinata all stare at him like he's crazy, seems to realize that Hajime’s the only person without a date. “No worries, Iwaizumi! I have a friend who’s free tonight and he is also single!”Hajime blinks as Bokuto texts a message to his mystery friend.“He’ll come soon,” says Bokuto confidently.It’s twenty minutes later that Oikawa comes into the bar and makes a beeline for them, and Hajime realizes that Oikawa was indeed the mystery man.“What,” says Hajime, “the fuck.”“Iwa-chan,” says Oikawa, a smile flickering on his face for a moment. “I, ah.”“Oikawa!” bellows Bokuto with a huge grin. “Sit down, man! I didn’t know you knew Iwaizumi!”“Yeah.” Oikawa’s eyes haven’t moved from Hajime, and it is Hajime that breaks eye contact first, scowling down into his beer. “I didn’t realize this was a sort of…triple date thing.”“Quadruple date, now you’re here,” says Kuroo from where he’s eyeing Oikawa and Hajime. Hajime scowls at him. “Well come on, Oikawa, sit down.”The only open seat is next to Hajime. Hajime hates his life as Oikawa settles down lightly, the subtle scent of his cologne wafting through the air.Oikawa is quiet for the first ten minutes, and so is Hajime, as they sit next to each other. The others make up for their silence, telling jokes and tossing insults, and Hajime’s fists clench.He can’t help it. He leans sideways and says, “Uh, sorry about your girlfriend.”Oikawa looks at him, askance. “My girlfriend?”Hajime shrugs. It’s pretty much all he can do. “Bokuto said you were single, and uh, I’m sorry that you broke up with her. She seemed nice.”Oikawa’s still staring at him. “Girlfriend?”“Yes,” says Hajime, fighting a surge of irritation. “Aida? You brought her to Yachi’s party?”Something clears in Oikawa’s face. “Oh, Aida-chan? She’s just a friend.”Hajime’s mind goes blank. “What?”Oikawa’s eyes sparkle, his smile reappearing on his face. He looks like he just found out a secret. “Yes,” he says. “She recently broke up with her boyfriend, so I thought it’d be nice to introduce her to some new people.”Hajime has absolutely nothing to say to that. Oikawa leans closer. His cologne smells like the outdoors, smells warm and soothing and decidedly Oikawa-ish. “Were you jealous?” he says lowly, smiling so much that his eyes crinkle up at the corners.Hajime shoves his face away. “No,” he spits, feeling his face flush. Oikawa gives a delighted laugh. Fucking Trashkawa. At the end of the night, the air is cold enough that Hajime’s breath mists, mingles with the ghostly trails of Oikawa’s breath as Oikawa says, “Give me your phone, Iwa-chan.”“You would be the worst mugger,” says Hajime, but hands it over anyway. Oikawa fiddles with it for a second, takes a selfie, and then hands it back to him. “What’d you do?”“Put my contact information, of course,” says Oikawa cheerily. “Now you can text me. That is, if you want to.”“Assikawa, hell no I don’t want to.”“Too bad!” Oikawa winks at him and hails a taxi. “Catch you later, Iwa-chan!”Hajime scrolls down his contact list and locates it immediately: Oikawa Tooru, with Oikawa’s smug face smiling out at him. It's not endearing at all. It's not. The next day, when he deems that enough time has passed, he texts a simple, Hey.Iwa-chan!!!!!!!!!!! he receives two minutes later. Hajime rolls his eyes and continues baking. Seconds later, a new text comes in, saying i’m coming in 2day, plz bake me something nice!!!!Fuck off, Trashikawa, Hajime texts back and receives a sad emoji. If he’s baking lemon scones today, well, nobody has to know why. Suga’s clearly suspecting something, a little half-smile playing on his face as his eyes dart from the grated lemons to Hajime’s face.“What,” says Hajime.“Nothing,” says Suga, and then, as if he can’t help himself, “Hinata told me about last night.”Hajime says nothing.“I think you should go for it,” continues Suga, and, well, there goes Hajime’s good mood. Judging from the way Suga’s smile drops off his face, he clearly notices. “What, do you not like him?”Hajime scoffs. “I—you know very well that I do.”“Then what’s the matter?” Suga spreads his floury hands apart, like he’s appealing to the gods for sage advice. “I…” Hajime flattens his fingers against the counter and says, voice cracking, “I like him so much.”And I don’t know if he likes me back, hangs over them, unspoken but obvious.“Oh,” says Suga, soft, as he drops jam in the center of pastries and arrays them on a glass platter. When he’s finished, he wipes his hands on his apron and puts a hand on Hajime’s shoulder. It’s heavy and comforting and Hajime thinks distantly that Suga’s going to be a great parent someday. “Iwaizumi,” says Suga, and refuses to say more until Hajime lifts his head to look Suga straight in the eye. “Whenever Daichi makes the coffee, Oikawa pouts. He watches you like...like a puppy. He’s tipped more in the past four months than he’s tipped in like, a year.”“That could mean anything,” argues Hajime weakly.Suga gives Hajime a look that gently conveys how stupid he thinks Hajime is being. “Go ask him out. If he says yes, I’ll bake you a cake. If he doesn’t, I’ll give you so much ice cream you’ll be drowning in it.”It's a pretty good deal. Hajime looks down at the batter he’s slowly mixing and throws some blueberries in it.“I thought those were going to be lemon scones,” says Suga with a frown.“They were,” says Hajime. “I’ve got a better idea, now.” It’s three in the afternoon when the bell tinkles and Oikawa comes in, all smiles and pink cheeks. “Iwa-chan,” he says, bouncing on the balls of his feet, “can I talk to you for a second?”“Uh, sure,” says Hajime, grabbing the small white box he’d wrapped up earlier today. “Yachi, can you watch the cash register for a second?”Yachi nods, eyes wide. She looks precariously close to hyperventilating. Hajime is very conscious of their audience as Oikawa leads him to a more secluded part of the coffee shop.  Oikawa gives the box a curious look but then shakes his head. He looks determined, a steely look in his eyes. “Iwa-chan,” he says again, and his smile is so sweet, so hopeful, that Hajime wants to kiss it. “Go out with me?”It takes a moment for the words to register, and then Hajime’s heart is soaring, he’s so happy, and then he says, “Dammit.”“Um,” says Oikawa. “Is that a no?”“No, it’s not a no, it’s a—” Hajime sighs, shoves the white box into Oikawa’s chest. “Just open that.”Oikawa raises an eyebrow, but does so. For a minute, he just stares and then says, “These are lemon bars.”“Yes,” says Hajime grumpily, “and I made them because I was going to give them to you and ask you out, but you asshole, you beat me to the punch—”Oikawa starts laughing and Hajime shuts up, watching Oikawa laugh. His chest feels very light. “Iwa-chan,” says Oikawa, and then just smiles at him, fingers clutching the white box very tightly.“Yeah,” says Hajime, voice gruff, and he wants so very badly to thread his fingers through Oikawa’s hair and kiss him, and then it occurs to him that he can. So he does, and enjoys Oikawa’s squawk of surprise. It feels—it feels less good and more like coming home, like finding the other half of his soul, and what’s better is that Oikawa’s smiling into the kiss and making that happy hum that he makes when he eats a particularly good pastry or takes his first sip of his coffee.It takes a moment for Hajime to muster up the strength to move away, but he does, tipping his head against Oikawa’s. “I’ve got to get back to work,” he says.“Okay,” says Oikawa, fingers tangled in Hajime’s shirt. He looks dazed. It’s a good look on him.“You’re, ah, you’re welcome to stay.” Hajime grins. "Suga's gonna bake us a cake."Oikawa huffs out a laugh. “Iwa-chan,” he says, and his voice is so impossibly fond that Hajime wants to kick himself for being so oblivious. “You couldn’t tear me away if you tried.”   
(months later)
“Get out,” says Hajime the minute Oikawa puts one toe in the shop. “So rude,” pouts Oikawa, flagrantly disobeying and moving closer to the counter. “And here I was, going to order some coffee and bring this coffee shop some well-needed revenue…”“Look around you,” says Hajime. The coffee shop is bustling, practically bursting with customers. “Does it look like we need your trash service?”Oikawa beams at him. “I want a grande, iced, sugar-free, vanilla latte with soy milk.”“That is disgusting,” says Hajime, but he’s already moving to make it. “You disgust me.”Oikawa tips extravagantly, making pointed noises of delight as he sips his coffee. It’s probably because he knows Hajime’s been saving up his tips to buy Oikawa a fantastic birthday gift. “Thanks for the coffee,” he says, and before Hajime can react, tugs Hajime closer by his apron and kisses him. Hajime lets him. Hajime even deepens the kiss for a brief moment, reveling in the quiet sound Oikawa lets out. He tastes like his disgusting coffee, and Hajime smiles before pushing Oikawa gently back. “See you tonight,” he says.“See you,” says Oikawa, before heading out the door.They would see each other tonight. And the night after that, and the nights of the week after that and probably the month after that. They would go on horrific double dates with Suga and Sawamura, who would mock them the entire night for their ridiculous courtships. It was absolutely ridiculous how much Hajime was looking forward to it, to this impossibly bright future. “We were all really rooting for you," says Yachi with a wink. "I'm really glad you guys got together."“So am I,” says Hajime.He has four kinds of orders.Not that Yoongi’s been watching or counting or anything.But just so you know, he has four kinds of orders. 
i. order # 1: a cup of happiness
An hour into his first day at work, and Yoongi’s already tired of dealing with everyone from cranky businessmen to half-asleep college students, having completely given up on trying to greet everyone with a smile.“A tall vanilla latte for Jin!” Yoongi shouts placing the drink on the counter off to the side and watches a tall man stand up from his seat at a small table nearby.Yoongi steps back at the cash register, greeting a man too busy on his cell phone to even spare him a glance as he spits out his order.“Your total will be ₩3,900. Do you have a Starbucks Rewards card?” Yoongi asks holding his hand out for the money.Getting the customer’s name before ushering him away to a table, Yoongi glances around and notices the slowing down of the afternoon rush. He sees a red haired boy enter the café, heading over to the counter, before Yoongi turns around to make the last customer’s drink.“Hi, what can I get you?” Yoongi hears the voice of the barista working with him say, the one whose name he doesn’t yet remember. Pouring the medium freshly brewed coffee into a venti cup, Yoongi moves over to where the sugar and cream are placed.“Uh, hi,” He hears a voice say hesitantly, as Yoongi adds two spoons of sugar and cream to the coffee.“Do you have a Starbucks rewards card?” The girl at the register asks as she hits buttons and gives the guy a total.Yoongi scribbles a name onto the coffee before calling out for the man who had ordered it, turning around just in time to see the red haired boy hand over a gift card, hand unconsciously coming up to run through his red hair.The other barista seems to notice the movement, “Ah, it’s a really bright red, huh?”“Huh – oh, er, yeah?” The boy stumbles out, hand quickly falling to his side.“It’s like a bright apple red! Did you leave the dye on for too long? I remember I made the same mistake when I first dyed my hair. It was terrible, but I’m sure the colour will fade soon enough. Try a darker shade next time, it might look a bit better.” The girl chirps handing back the card with a smile. “Can I have your name, please?”Yoongi watches the boy’s face fall before an uncomfortable smile settles on the other’s lips.‘Literally no one asked you,’ Yoongi thinks as the boy says his name before moving to sit at a nearby high counter.The girl moves to grab a cup, and before Yoongi realizes what he’s doing, he finds himself tapping her elbow, “Hey, wasn’t your shift over five minutes ago? Here, I’ll handle this drink, there’s no one at the counter anyway.”The girl’s expression brightens, “Oh, thank you! Yoongi, right?”Yoongi nods, “What’s his name?”“Jimin,” The girl responds untying her apron. “The order’s a tall –”“– vanilla bean frappucino with one pump raspberry syrup and topped with whipped cream, right? Got it!” Yoongi interrupts and moves away to make the drink without waiting for the girl to respond.An idea strikes him as he turns on the blender, and he grabs the sharpie, twisting the cup in his hand. He turns his head and greets his new co-worker with a nod and works on finishing the drink.“A vanilla bean frappucino for Jimin!” Yoongi yells out, placing the drink on the counter, and rushing off to the cash register as a line starts to form. He peeks from the corner of his eye and sees the boy named Jimin smile once he reads what’s written on the cup, quickly ducking his head when Jimin looks over at the three, including Yoongi, baristas working.Making sure to stare straight ahead the entire length of the time that the boy surveys the three of them, Yoongi watches Jimin shake his head from his peripheral vision.When Jimin leaves with a wide smile on his face, Yoongi can’t help but grin as well.
the red hair looks cute, 10/10. – suga
 And that where it starts. With apple-red hair and hastily scribbled words onto a cotton candy frappuccino cup. 
ii. order # 2: a slice of all-nighters
A week into his game of leaving little comments on Jimin’s drinks, Yoongi learns a new order. He sees Jimin rush into the shop, laptop tucked under his arm, bag carelessly slung across his shoulder.The look of panic and worry of the younger’s face catches Yoongi by surprise, only used to seeing a wide smile. He grins to himself once Jimin pays and swaps drink orders with the other barista who simply gives him a curious look before shrugging.“It’s a venti Americano with two extra shots of espresso,” His co-worker, Hoseok, says, “for Jimin.”Yoongi mock-salutes, “Got it!”“Crushing on a customer?” Hoseok teases and Yoongi rolls his eyes, not bothering to respond.Grabbing a cup holder once he’s done making the drink, Yoongi grabs the sharpie and stands still for a few seconds, wondering what to write.Hoseok leans over his shoulder, and upon seeing Yoongi’s hand stilled mid-air, he comments, “How about ‘you’re cute, wanna go out?’?”Yoongi shoves his elbow roughly into Hoseok stomach, not even bothering to turn around.Hoseok’s laugh carries through the air a few seconds later, and Yoongi knows the other is okay. His tongue peeks out from between his lips as he concentrates, thinking a little harder about what to write.He scrawls Jimin’s name across the cup holder before adding a short sentence next to it, not wanting to keep him waiting.“Hey, Hoseok?” Yoongi turns to see the other watching him with a smirk on his face as he sips his own drink.“Mhmm?”Yoongi glares a little before holding the drink out, “Call him.”“Nope,” Hoseok shakes his head with a wide smile. “You do it. You made the drink.”“I’ll cover you for your morning shift next week,” Yoongi offers.Hoseok narrows his eyes before sighing, “Fine.”Yoongi watches from the corner of the counter as Jimin types furiously on his laptop, occasionally referring to the open textbook beside him. At the sound of his name, he gets up and hurries over, not noticing anything until he’s seated.Yoongi smiles to himself when he sees Jimin finally notice the writing, breaking his eyes from the laptop to glance over at the counter. Hoseok laughs when Yoongi ducks, pretending to grab something from beneath.Jimin is still there by the time Yoongi’s shift is over, eyes tired and teary, drink more than halfway done. Yoongi bites his lip before swiping his card and asking the barista replacing him to take over a slice of cake for Jimin, heading out of the shop before his co-worker is able to point him out to a curious Jimin.
you can do it! also, good luck sleeping after all those espresso shots. – suga
 And if Jimin starts frequenting the café every time he’s got work to do, ordering both an Americano and a slice of cake, Yoongi pretends he doesn’t notice. 
iii. order # 3: a shot of healthy
Yoongi barely gets through his shift blunder-free once he learns the third order. He knows he shouldn’t be staring, but he can’t help it (and apparently neither can the other people in the café).Hoseok whistles lowly when Jimin walks in“Lover boy’s hot hot hot,” Hoseok whispers from beside Yoongi, reaching over for some ice and Yoongi briefly wonders exactly what he had done to deserve Hoseok as a co-worker..“Stop calling him that,” Yoongi mutters, not understanding what Hoseok’s referring to until turns around and finds himself face-to-face with a slightly red-faced, shirtless Jimin.Okay, so maybe no quite shirtless, since he was wearing a button down shirt…just unbuttoned.“Uh,” Yoongi says to Jimin before turning away quickly, looking down at the drink in his hand to remember what his last customer’s name was. He blinks at the words for a few seconds before remembering how to read, and by the time he turns back around, Hoseok already has Jimin’s order down, the latter now seated with another guy at a nearby table.“It was a punishment,” Hoseok grins at him. “For losing some benching competition.”“Did I ever ask?” Yoongi glares at Hoseok, before grabbing the cup out of Hoseok’s hands. “What’s his order?”“A grande unsweetened green tea, perfect for a post-workout drink, don’tcha think, Sugabear?” Hoseok wiggles his eyebrows and Yoongi resorts to kicking the other in the shin.Yoongi makes the drink, before gesturing over to the newest addition to their team, a baby-faced, doe-eyed boy by the name of Jungkook. Handing him Jimin’s drink, he asks him to call out the other’s name.“Why can’t you?” The response in swift, but the narrowing of Yoongi’s eyes is even quicker. The kid grabs the drink out of Yoongi’s hand quickly, calling out for Jimin loudly.Yoongi revels in the blush that paints Jimin’s cheeks, watching it spread down his neck, as the person sitting across from him spins the cup around, reading Yoongi’s comment and laughing loudly.
nice abs. nice arms. show off. you tryna give me a heart attack, brat? – suga
 And as Jimin starts to visit the café each time he goes to the gym, strolling in afterwards with his shirt wide open, Yoongi finds himself requiring twice as much effort to not mess up anything.   
iv. order # 4: topped with bits of sadness
The fourth type of order comes on a bad day, for both of them. Yoongi’s been reprimanded by his manager once already for glaring at the customers instead of smiling, but he just can’t bring himself to quirk up his lips like he’s supposed to.Jungkook nudges him every now and then, reminding him to smile or correcting him if he starts to mess up a drink. Yoongi sighs as a customer demands a remake for a drink Yoongi had served him a few minutes ago. He opens to find the cup nearly empty, and rolls his eyes.“Here, I’ll do it, hyung,” Jungkook takes the cup from his hand, dumping out the rest of the drink. “What’s the order?”Yoongi gives the other a grateful smile, making a mental note to buy the kid dinner after their evening shift is over.“Welcome, what can I get you today?” Yoongi asks, looking up from the cash register, forcing a small smile. His eyes widen a little when he finds himself face-to-face with a red-faced, puffy-eyed, and sniffling Jimin.“I, I…” The younger stumbles over his words, before taking a deep breath. “I want a tall latte with three pumps of caramel syrup, three pumps of toffee nut syrup, topped with whipped cream, caramel drizzle, and caramel brulee bits.”“Are you alright?” Yoongi asks Jimin quietly, softly, as he punches in the order.“I’m fine,” Jimin says curtly, not meeting his eyes, hand already pulling out the correct change and bills as if he’s ordered the drink multiple times in the past.Yoongi nods at that, taking the money from Jimin, directing him to the tables on the left. His brows furrow as he concentrates on getting the drink, twisting his head to glance at Jimin who wipes at his eyes every now and then.Yoongi glances at Jungkook who’s also busy tending to other customers, and sighs. He grabs a sharpie, regardless of his lack of cover for the day, and scribbles the first words that come to his mind.“A tall latte for Jimin!” Yoongi calls out, quickly moving back to the cash register, before Jimin makes his way to the pickup counter.Jimin gets up to grab the cup, twisting it around to see if there’s anything written. He reads the comment twice, thrice, and by the fourth time, he can’t help but laugh a little, tearing pooling at the ends of his eyes.It’s nothing inspiring, nothing encouraging, but it’s enough. He smiles, grabs a napkin, and heads over to a single table.
don’t worry, it’ll pass. please don’t cry. everything will be alright in the end, so smile? for me?  – suga
Yoongi places a drink and a slice of cake at the pickup counter when he notices a napkin on it. He grabs it to throw it out, probably left behind by a customer, but his hand stills when he notices writing on it.He laughs a little at the careful, neat penmanship, heart fluttering at the words scribbled down in black ink.He smiles, looking up and over at Jimin’s table to find the younger watching him, eyes still puffy but brighter, happier. Jimin smiles hesitantly, raising left hand a little to wave shyly. Yoongi can’t help but find the hesitant gesture cute, and he grins back at Jimin.“Hey, I’m taking my break now, will you be alright handling the counter by yourself?” Yoongi asks Jungkook, untying his apron, and grabbing two muffins from the display counter to his left.“I’ll be fine, hyung, go ahead,” Jungkook smiles at him briefly, before turning back to greet a newly approaching customer.“Suga-ssi?” Jimin asks, looking up at Yoongi when he places the two muffins on the table, napkin still in hand.“Yoongi, actually,” He says, sliding into the chair opposite of Jimin.Jimin smiles at that, “Yoongi-ssi, I’m Jimin.”Yoongi laughs, offering Jimin a muffin, “I know.”suga-ssi, stop hiding behind the counter. you're not as smooth as you think you are. let's meet, okay? – jimin    If you'd like to talk:  Tumblr | Twitter “Holy shit,” he breathes, eyes starting to focus on his surroundings. He straightens, and from where he’s sitting he has quite the view of a delicious set of shoulders. Stiles' mouth parts slightly as he admires the hard pull of muscles underneath a navy shirt, eyes trailing over the cream tilt of the guy’s face, hooded by impressive eyebrows. He’s completely forgotten the essay he’s supposed to be writing and his shoulders want to rattle against the wooden chair, the amount of caffeine Stiles has consumed. He thinks it’s as good a time to give up anyway, throwing his highlighter across the coffee house table so that it clacks against the surface. The guy’s eyes are cast downwards, his eyelashes swept across his cheeks. A dark shade of stubble spreads around his jaw like flecks of charcoal, and Stiles can’t stop staring. He’s thinking about looking away, aware that this is bordering on too much when the guy darts his startling eyes at Stiles. It’s almost as if he knows he’s being watched and it takes a second for Stiles to meet his gaze, too busy admiring the man’s arms. A small shiver runs along his spine when light coloured eyes bore into him. Stiles has the decency to blush, and turns his head towards the words on his computer screen. “Sorry,” he mumbles. He peeks again, ashamed of where his mind is heading and this time the guy looks up and glares. It’s rather impressive, actually, and Stiles’ body feels as if it’s been reduced to a single point. He deliberates opening his mouth, wondering how far the guy will go in regard to his blatant staring when he hears a dramatic sigh. It sounds like a leaking balloon and Stiles quirks his lip. The guy reaches into his pocket, shifting onto one side to do so and his body gives a slight twist. Stiles pointedly looks away. A few moments later a soft ball of paper grazes along his cheek, almost catching the corner of his eye. Stiles shoots a the guy a glare but he’s dipped his head down to his book. Sceptical, his fingers prod open the scrap of paper. There’s a small, dark scribble, smooth and well practiced. It looks like words? Lips curling in curiosity, he leans back on his chair more comfortably and its front feet stray away from the ground. “Uh, what’s this?” Stiles asks, eyebrows raised. The guy stills for a moment before glancing up. “My name.” Stiles looks at the piece of paper again. Now that it’s obvious, the scribble does look like a name. Derek Hale. A brush of familiarity presses on his tongue. “Nice to know,” says Stiles, incredulousness seeping through him. It’s all just so...odd. What’s a name without a number? “What am I going to do with your name?” Derek sighs, again, before turning to his book. It doesn’t take much to notice the beginnings of a slight scowl. “Fine,” he mutters. Two can play at this game. Stiles pulls a napkin from the dispenser, the edge tearing a little. The only pen he’s got is the pink highlighter and the felt tip drags against the paper as he writes his name in large block letters. With a smirk, he signs it off with a winky face, delighting in the reaction he might get. He sits smug when the napkin hits Derek straight in the nose. The eyes opposite him narrow and Derek avoids Stiles' gaze like he’d burn his eyes out. Stiles’ heart flutters as rough fingers open the paper hastily, and Derek stares at it like it’s a foreign language. Stiles' nostrils flare in offense. Derek doesn’t say anything and Stiles is more than a little disappointed. The few seconds he waits is torture, and grudgingly he turns back to the dull glow of his screen. Stiles hears the scraping of the wooden chair against the floor and the guy is gone.* He keeps the scrunched up piece of paper. The bin in the coffee house mocks him as his hand hovers over it, and eventually he gives up, scowling as he pockets the reminder he doesn’t quite need of Derek Hale. When he gets home, the paper a burning weight in his pocket, he shoves it between the pages of an old school textbook. The guy is at the coffee shop the following week, Stiles attempting not to admire the strong surge of legs as Derek enters the warm space. He is sitting with his back to the window, the curve of shoulder blades under Derek’s shirt catching his attention. Stiles licks his lips. Derek orders a double espresso and the new guy at the counter flails a little bit. Stiles frowns when the barista’s face flushes and gives a stammered enjoy your coffee. A large hand gripped around the top of the cup comes into Stiles’ view as Derek turns, and out of the corner of his eye he sees Derek’s lips press into a thin line. His feet hesitate at the floor before heading into the seat he was sitting in last week. It’s directly opposite Stiles, two tables down. They’re face on, like two bodies either end of an interrogation table, and the distance between them is infuriating. Stiles glances up and Derek’s eyeing him. His scrutiny dashes over Stiles’ skin, and he’s probably wondering if Stiles is going to open his mouth and irritate him. A part of him would love to do it; Stiles finding it difficult to let the man drink his coffee in peace. Trying to impress is a losing battle anyway, the guy is clearly not interested. Stiles leans back in his chair, arms folded, enjoying the way Derek seems to get more irritated the more Stiles settles into his smirk. His breath almost catches the longer they look at each other; the whole world balancing on the tip of a knife. It’s all very strange, and it eats at him as Derek’s gaze drops over Stiles as if he’s being systematically searched for faults. He doesn’t like the way Derek seems to be expecting a particular reaction from him, eyebrows lifted in preparation for an inevitable act. “You’re weird,” Stiles says eventually. It’s the only word that comes to mind when a whole series of more complimenting adjectives are strung together in his head. Derek’s eyes snap up a little. They have a little bronze tickle within the hazel, but his expression is definitely as hard as rock. Derek tilts his neck a little and the muscles strain. “You’re painfully moronic.” Stiles sniffs and leans forward on his elbow. “What’s a guy like you doing here? Are you visiting town?” “Yes,” he says curtly. His lip quivers in deliberation for a moment and Stiles tries to ease the words from Derek’s mouth with a slow, encouraging, yet slightly mocking nod. Stiles fiddles with a plastic spoon as he waits but Derek decides not to speak. It accidentally snaps in two between his fingers and the man snorts. Stiles is once again disappointed. Derek’s phone begins to ring and it’s the scratching static of some song he’s heard on the radio. Stiles winces. Derek peers at the caller ID and ignores the call before turning to his book; shoulders tense and hunched uncomfortably over the table. “That is a terrible ringtone,” Stiles finds himself saying. The glare he receives pounces on him and Stiles pulls back his hands, fingers spread out and palms facing Derek. “Your taste is faultless.” “Thanks,” says Stiles sourly. Perhaps he should get back to writing. He does some work for a while, biting at his lip as he tries to concentrate. The words fade in front of him, a wall around his mind, and he finds he can't do anything. Stiles groans. Derek glances at him. Oh, look, and now his eyebrow is raised. “Shut up,” mutters Stiles. It’s bridging on loud enough that now the other half of Derek’s face mimics the amused expression. But without another word, Derek rises from the table and disappears out the door. Stiles hopes he’ll see him again.* Maybe Stiles spends a lot more time in that cafe doing a lot more work than he had anticipated. He’s pleasantly surprised when he realises that all the things on his checklist are done, and he’s caught in the limbo between being free and having to sell his soul again once classes start. Stiles sits back in his chair, hands behind his head, smiling gently at the beach print on the wall. The waves are still, coaxing up on the shore line and for once Stiles feels that way too. That is, until Derek Hale has wandered in again, this time wearing a leather jacket. It sparks a few creative thoughts in Stiles’ head, of motorcycles and grease and rippling muscles. Derek holds in an irritated breath when he spots Stiles, probably because their eyes catch and Stiles isn’t exactly doing anything but watching. Derek seems to brace himself as he sits in the exact same place, book under his arm. Stiles can’t bring himself to pack up and orders another coffee. Derek, unfortunately, has the self control not to glance up at Stiles, appearing sufficiently interested in his own book. God, after too much thinking about this one guy and his dark attractiveness, Stiles wants at least a look of acknowledgement. He notices when the man stills. Almost as if they were tied together, his own lungs refrain from working too. A sweep of deliberation passes over Derek’s face and his shoulders turn towards the counter before turning back again. “Why do you look so funny?” asks Stiles cheerfully. Derek gives him a long look, book tipping backwards for a moment. Then Stiles is ignored. A part of him thinks he had it coming, but his tongue itches to spout out even more nonsense. He doesn’t though, and stands straight, ready to pack up all his things. He must have been abrupt because Derek’s looking at him again, the tip of his teeth showing from his slightly open mouth. “What do you think of the song?” he asks quickly, jerking his chin down to get Stiles to sit again. Slowly, Stiles’ butt returns to the seat and he turns his ears to the speakers. He’s easily heard the song before; in his jeep, the bookstore, the supermarket. It was even the same as Derek’s ringtone the other day. He shrugs. “I don’t know. It’s kind of scary.” For some reason this alarms Derek, but his wide eyes are immediately wiped away to something more sedate. “What do you mean?” “The guy’s voice is kind of rough and haunting. It’s not bad. Do you like the song?” he asks. “I guess,” replies Derek gruffly, turning back to his book. He turns the page with such a force Stiles swears he hears the paper tear. The inconsistency presented in this man makes Stiles frown. Standing again his fingers trail slowly over his belongings, piling them up before gathering them into his arms. His eyes don’t waver from Derek, whose forest coloured irises stay steadfastly attached to the page. The deliberate refusal to look at Stiles makes him mutter under his breath about manners.* Stiles does not look Derek Hale up online. It takes a long stretch of self control not to because he doesn’t want to admit that he’s fallen to that kind of territory. He struggles to find things to do now that his assignments are over for the break. He drives over to the police department to pick his father up for lunch, spends an hour prattling on about school for his father’s benefit and then he’s over to bother Scott while he’s at work. On the way back home he gets groceries, and the weather’s turning nasty; grey clouds battling each other, the wind a whining dog. On the edge of the road is a car, bonnet stretched up like an open jaw. The car is nice, slick. Expensive. He doesn’t know what makes him stop. His jeep is way far down on the food chain of moving blocks of metal, but his father taught him to be a good citizen when he wasn’t going around making a nuisance. Pulling over and hearing the tyres skit against the gravel, he exits loftily from his car and knocks on the tinted window. Stiles settles his hands in his pockets, turning on his heel to awkwardly glance at the surrounding trees. The wind whips at his hair, and half a minute later the sound of glass being rolled down fills his ears. With a bright smile, he faces the driver. Then his face falls. “Oh it’s you,” Derek Hale says in a dry voice, hand clasped around a phone. He holds a finger up to tell him to wait as he speaks shortly into the phone. “Yes?” Stiles rolls his eyes, heart beating slightly. “Uh, do you need help? Do you need a jump start?” Derek stares at him, eyes doing a steely once over. Stiles can’t be bothered leaning over the window anymore, uncomfortable having his face only a couple of feet away from Derek's. “Yes, actually,” he says. “Great,” says Stiles lightly. He returns with the jumper leads and Derek has the hood up, leaning casually against its side, his arm raised. The bottom of his shirt has inched upwards and Stiles is far enough away that he can look without being seen at it. The sliver of skin is riveting, the wind pressing Derek’s shirt firmly against his body so that it clings to the curve of his abdomen. “What’s your name?” asks Derek, his eyes a blanket of scrutiny. He ducks his head, the heavy set of Derek’s eyebrows and the constancy of his look enough to make him think that Derek’s only waiting for him to slip up in some way. “I already gave you my name,” he mutters in return. Perhaps Derek had already forgotten it. Derek snorts. “That was your name?” Stiles cranes his neck up from the engine, giving a scowl. “Don’t give me that. You were the one who gave me your name on a piece of paper first. Normally, you leave a number with it too.” Derek raises his eyebrows, lip quirked in amusement and disbelief. “You were staring,” he says smugly and as a way of explanation. “How did your battery even get flat here?” asks Stiles, ignoring his statement. Derek sighs. “I went for a walk. Left the lights on.” “In there?” Stiles gestures towards the trees. “That’s private property.” “I am aware,” says Derek curtly. Stiles gives him a pointed look, but shrugs it off, clipping the leads and heading over to his car. His keys fumble in his hand, and he slides into his seat before his engine starts. Soon, Derek’s too gives a rumble of life and Stiles’ sweaty hands leave his steering wheel, working himself up to facing Derek again. Guilt begins to well up inside him, aware that he really shouldn’t have been spending so much time with Derek in his thoughts. He doesn’t want to falter and make it obvious when his stupid crush is based entirely on nothing. “So,” says Derek, looking amused, his car finally purring gently. “Do you feel you’re in tune with popular culture? Music?” Stiles glances up. “Uh, sure?” The answer seems to satisfy Derek; an arrogant smirk appearing on his face. “And what would you do if you met some sort of celebrity?” “Oh, we don’t get them here in small towns,” Stiles waves off easily. “Maybe at college? Nah. Unlikely.” “What do you think you would do?” presses Derek. He seems to be sitting up straighter, teeth gleaming wickedly as he waits for a response. There's an impressive amount of words strolling out of Derek’s mouth right now when there are usually five at most. Stiles is under the impression he’s humouring Derek, and a little twinge of his heart wants to comply. “I’d jump on them.” Derek raises his eyebrows so far it’s like they’ve fallen off a cliff. Whistling a little and trying to ignore the flush of embarrassment he’s brought upon himself, he retrieves the leads and wanders back to his car with a slight wave.* “There’s this hot guy at the coffee shop I’ve been annoying,” Stiles tells Lydia. She shoots him a dry look and the idea that he annoys everyone is probably not far from her mind. “Does he work there?” she asks, an expectant pout on her lips. “No,” Stiles admits. “Then why are you dragging me there when I could be doing something else? You can’t even ensure that this hot piece of ass is going to be there,” she sparks, turning away from Stiles and sitting back into the passenger seat. Stiles shrugs. “He’s tastefully hot.” “At least it means you haven’t resorted to learning some poor barista’s hours off by heart,” Lydia says in an even tone. Stiles scowls at her, jerking the jeep around the corner a little too harshly. “I’d do no such thing,” he claims. If he ever did, it would be by accident. Stiles starts when they enter the coffee shop and Lydia crashes into his back. She flicks the back of his head and strides over to the counter to order their drinks. Derek is sitting at his usual table, and the sharp gleam of the one Stiles frequents is empty, pleasantly alone. Stiles wanders forwards, nudges Lydia and gestures over to Derek. His back is to the counter and in his hands lies another book. His leather jacket hangs on the back of his chair and his light blue shirt stretches firmly over his skin. Lydia shoves away his nudging hands to spin around and her eyebrows raise, suitably impressed. “Name?” she asks quietly behind her red-ribbon hair. “Derek.” “Hmm,” Lydia says. “You go over. I’ll wait for the drinks.” Stiles accepts her order willingly, all limbs as he makes his way to his table. Stiles flops down wearing a pleasant grin as he shrugs off his jacket. “How’s your car?” he asks loudly, and more than one person looks over. Derek’s eyes flick up. “Fine,” he says slowly. Stiles presses his lips into a thin line, smile residing. But Derek hasn’t looked away just yet and opportunity buzzes over his skin. “Good book?” “Yes,” replies Derek. “But given your wide knowledge of music I doubt you’d ever heard of the book I’m reading now.” He narrows his eyes, the bone dry tone of Derek’s voice clearly making fun of him. The words try me dangle on his tongue, nostrils flared as Derek turns away. At least Lydia is coming over with two cups of coffee. She glances at Stiles’ irritated expression and rolls her eyes. Then she turns to Derek and her mouth drops open. “Stiles,” she says, eyes widening at the sight of Derek. “That’s Derek –” “Oh my God, Lydia,” hisses Stiles, waving his hand manically for her to sit. He doesn’t want Derek to know he’s been spoken of to his friends. But at least a piece of him feels smug because her reaction means he didn’t exaggerate Derek’s attractiveness with his own blurred bias. Derek chooses this moment to look up and Stiles resists the urge to cover his face with his hands. Lydia’s eyes flit between the two of them and the air feels tight. Derek shrugs at her, eyebrows glancing at Stiles. He glares back and tugs on Lydia’s arm to sit down. “Right,” she says, swishing her hips as she sits and flicking her bright hair over her shoulder. She has her back to Derek, and past her ear Stiles can see all of Derek’s neck and face if he shuffles his seat marginally to the right. The expressions the two wear could be mirrors, amusement playing within the frame of their faces. Derek’s biting his lip, gaze cast downwards and there’s an empty blur in Stiles’ brain that occurs when he knows he's not getting something. “Did you watch the MTV video music awards last month Stiles?” Lydia asks rather loudly. Stiles’ face scrunches up. “Uh, no. Why would I?” “No reason,” Lydia says in a dry voice. Stiles swears he sees Derek’s body jump behind her once in laughter. Unknown riddles spill around him, riddles he swears Derek and Lydia know the answers to. A little while later she begins to hum, seemingly absentmindedly as she sips her coffee. “What are you doing?” “Nothing,” Lydia says innocently, but she continues. Stiles recognises the song. He’s pretty sure it was the same one Derek was asking him about, and sure enough when Stiles' eyes travel a little to the side Derek’s looking straight at the back of Lydia’s head, lip curled. “For the love of me I can’t remember name of this song!” she exclaims, looking extremely put out. “Don’t look at me,” says Stiles. “I don’t know.” “You don’t know this song?” Lydia stares at him like he’s an idiot. “Yes, I do, I just don’t know what it’s called,” he hisses at her. “Or evidently who it’s by,” she mutters. Lydia turns her shoulders gracefully, manicured fingers on the table before she directs the question towards Derek. Stiles wants to kick her. He questions his sanity in bringing Lydia here in the first place. “Do you know?” she asks rather pointedly. “Lydia.” Derek’s warm coloured eyes stare at her a moment. “Tides,” he replies curtly. She scrunches up her nose in thanks, before turning, smug, back to Stiles. “Don’t ask me if I like it, he already has,” he says, frustrated, and he’s slightly worried when Lydia yelps out in laughter. Stiles manages to shift the conversation to something he can contribute to, nerves settling when Derek slides out of his chair effortlessly and exits the coffee shop. “I wonder if he can play the guitar,” she says innocently, and Stiles is instantly plagued by thoughts of those fingers lulling over strings, worshiping the guitar like he wished Derek would worship his body. Lydia reaches forward and ruffles his hair. “You’re an idiot,” she says, fond. He bats her hand away, grumbling in confusion. What has he done to warrant that statement this time? “And I wouldn’t get your hopes up about Derek; he’s probably got a life.” “As if I need reminding,” Stiles shoots at her. Lydia shakes her head incredulously, lips pursed like they’re the locks to some ridiculous secret.* Dragging Lydia along had clearly been a bad idea, so he heads to the coffee house alone. He places a shield in his mind, aware of the unhealthy direction his actions and thoughts have taken. He wants something, something he is probably not going to get. The coffee swirls over his tongue and he hears a short sigh at the door before his eyes travel over to Derek. Stiles’ spine straightens, and Derek’s eyes sweep over him with the barest hint of acknowledgement. “Hello to you too,” Stiles mutters when he finally sits, holding his cup over his face in a half–hearted attempt at hiding. Derek’s visits have been decidedly irregular, and while he’s been here every day at some time or another, he’s not sure whether he’s happy at Derek’s visit finally coinciding with his. “Why do you come here?” blurts out Stiles. Derek’s eyes roll before grimacing at Stiles. “It’s quiet.” “Oh right,” he replies, a little louder than normal. Derek glares at him. “I thought it was because the coffee was good.” “Why do you come here?” he asks pointedly, and the tips of Stiles’ ears go red “Like I said,” Stiles says a little absently. “The coffee.” “Did your friend say anything about me?” Derek says directly. His face doesn’t turn away, demanding an answer from Stiles’ lips. His heart sinks a little. “She’s dating someone,” he mumbles. Derek rolls his eyes, but judging from the fact the tips of his lips have quirked up slightly and he’s turned back to his book, he seems to have gotten his answer. His own book lies shut in his hands. Everything is ridiculous, but Derek's right there, falling under Stiles’ own definition of beautiful and he can’t bring himself to look away. Hastily, he climbs to his feet and waves at the barista. He can’t subject himself to this any longer and he doesn’t have even a spoonful of courage to ask a question. What would he say? Would you like to get coffee with me? His bank account is depleting rapidly, and Isaac, the barista, has managed to memorise his order. Stiles is a college student, for God’s sake. He can’t afford all these coffees because he’s been staring helplessly at Derek. It’s embarrassing. The legs of the chair cling to the ground and screech when Stiles moves back. Derek’s eyes dart forward and it looks like he’s been snapped out of a dream. “You’re going?” he asks, but then he bites back into his chair like he didn’t mean for those words to slip out. Stiles presses his lips together. He nods, and Derek sort of gives him a vague nod back.* He only goes into the shop the next time because he left his book. The squeak of his shoes against the ground distracts him as he travels in a direct line towards the counter. Stiles doesn’t want to look at where he normally sits, he doesn’t want his skin to jump up or his heart to be overly disappointed. He’s not actually sure what scenario he wants anymore, and is happy to leave it for fate to decide. “Isaaaac,” Stiles draws out. “I left my book here; did you happen to pick it up?” Isaac steps around the coffee machine and greets Stiles with a small smile. “No. There was no book.” Stiles twists around to look at the table, frowning in disappointment. He flushes when he sees Derek is at his usual table. He turns back to Isaac. “You sure?” He nods helpfully, and noticing Stiles notice Derek, he smirks. “Should I get your order?” “If you must,” sighs Stiles, fishing out his wallet from his back pocket. Isaac reaches out a hand. “Dude, you’re in the system. This is your free coffee.” Stiles relaxes. At least one of his inhibitions has been removed from his list. “Good, okay. Thanks.” He doesn’t have anything to do and it’s awkward sitting here without his book. Stiles taps his fingers against the ceramic of his coffee cup, and he manages to scrutinise every part of the room except for where Derek’s seated. It’s surprisingly easy, but he wants to kick himself when he notices straight away the sudden and sharp smile Derek gives him. “What?” asks Stiles carefully. “You left your book.” Stiles gives him an accusatory look, but Derek ignores it and chucks the paperback over the table. Stiles has to fling his coffee away so that it doesn’t get knocked over, and hot sparks of liquid drip over his hand. Derek shrugs. “Thanks,” Stiles says a little angrily. Derek’s eyes move away again, but as if they are on a slippery track they’re back at Stiles. “You’re reading McCartney’s biography?” he asks. “Obviously,” says Stiles with a grin. “I’ve met him,” Derek informs and there’s that slight smirk that makes Stiles know he’s part of a joke. But Derek sounds perfectly honest, even if he is a bit boastful. “Good for you, dude. I met Justin Timberlake once,” he actually saw a glimpse of his profile the only time they had travelled away from this small town for a holiday. Derek does not need to know the details, however.“I’ve met him too,” he says, this time showing a little teeth with his smile. It’s a little bit worth being made fun of to see the terrifyingly gorgeous spread of lips Derek's face is capable of. “I’m surprised you actually know the name of a current singer.” Stiles frowns. “Of course I know the names of current singers.” Derek’s eyebrows do that thing again where they quiver like his whole face is trying really, really hard not to laugh. He just clears his throat and turns back to his novel. Isaac is hovering close, cleaning the next table over and it’s as if he’s trying not to laugh as well. Several times he tries to initiate conversation, but he gives up before he’s even formed a word.* It’s the last day before he’s off to college again and even though he hasn’t been here in a few days, one last time in the store can’t hurt him. Isaac catches his eye and waves his hand for him to sit while he makes the coffee. He almost doesn’t notice Derek sitting there because he’s not alone. A dark haired beauty sits opposite Derek, blocking the view and talking sweetly yet menacingly at the same time. Stiles shifts his chair slightly to the side, and that’s better, he can see Derek. On the phone with Lydia last night she asked if he had figured it out yet when talking about Derek. He bites at his uncertainty over the matter, sure he’s missing something important, but ultimately he puts it down to the hopelessness present at the seams of every coffee encounter. “Hi Stiles,” calls Isaac loudly, placing the coffee on the table. He’s already got a few bills handy and he stuffs it in Isaac’s hand. The brunette twists around and with a delighted look, stares Stiles down. “Um, hi?” he says, confused. “Laura,” he hears Derek growl, but she’s already off her seat and has plonked herself down next to Stiles. “Derek,” she tells off, pouting in annoyance. “He’s kind of young.” Her eyes rake him, and this Laura is certainly friendlier than Derek, but equally as disarming. “I’m twenty,” Stiles says, affronted. “In advance,” she says over him, “I would like to apologise for my brother’s behaviour.” “Um, okay? Wait, what?” Stiles hears himself saying, straightening and staring at Derek like he’s a block of bricks. Derek sighs and closes his book. “I’m not even going to apologise for my sister.” “Good,” says Laura, her voice dripping in a rich honey. Her fingers are placed territorially on Stiles’ arm, examining him. “So you really don’t know?” “Know what?” asks Stiles, turning panicked. Derek’s standing with a fiery expression and he steps over to place his hands on Laura’s shoulders. He squeezes a little before pulling her up, her eyes rolling as she gives in to his touch. Derek guides her back over to the table. “You guys are being overly cryptic!” he almost yells, but upon their amused expressions Stiles turns back to scowl at his coffee. The two seem to have a not so quiet but wordless conversation that he’s fairly sure he’s the subject of. He deliberates saying something to get the anger out of his body, but with his jaw clenched he’s too distressed for it to be anything appropriate. At least the girl is his sister. There’s that, but the information is dulled by the fact that Stiles is leaving tomorrow. He wishes he hadn’t wasted his break on a guy that only sometimes shows glimmers of actually wanting to talk to Stiles. His father and Scott deserve better company from him, even if he’s seen the two almost every night. Stiles drowns the rest of the coffee and standing, clears his throat. The two seem to stop their wordless bicker. “Nice to meet you,” he says politely to Laura. “Please just ask him what he’s not telling you,” she says in reply. “Since this one has made me promise not to say anything.” Laura shoots him a glare. “Have you met the dude?” asks Stiles, his voice echoes around. “He’s not exactly forthcoming with information. Besides, it doesn’t matter. I’m back to school tomorrow and I doubt we’ll ever see each other again. So. Yeah. Bye?” Derek looks at him, startled. He gives a curt nod and Laura is muttering her brother’s name like he’s a fucking idiot. Stiles agrees wholeheartedly but that’s only because he’s angry at himself for pining after a god damn stranger.* When the gears in Stiles’ brain finally move together and click in the most frustrating way, he’s on the phone to Lydia. He doesn’t even let her speak when she answers, because his eyes are glued to a video on his computer screen and there is that gorgeous face, complete with an easy smile. It’s taken him a whole bloody month of late night thoughts and silver moons trying to forget about Derek. “Guess you think you have a fucking funny sense of humour, Lydia, don’t you? Guess who I just saw on the tv and who I just googled? Oh god, it makes my pathetic crush even more tragic. Oh my god, why didn’t you tell me?” he hisses. There’s a long sigh. “I suppose it’s more tragic because you’re definitely not the only person in the world who has jerked off to the thought of him?” Stiles fights the urge to hang up on her and he can hear the smirk seep its way through the phone’s speakers. “Why did you let me pine for someone who was so desperately unattainable?” “You already thought that he was unattainable, besides, he seemed to be having fun,” she points out. Stiles growls at her and he cuts the call with a jab of his thumb. He paces his dorm room for a bit, Scott looking at him anxiously with a bowl of popcorn over his legs. “Care to explain?” he asks, gesturing to the scowl on Stiles’ face. A whole bunch of things start to wind together to make fucking sense, and he wants to punch the feelings of any person who kept this from him. Stiles collapses onto his own bed and points at the interview. “That, my friend, is coffee house guy.” "Woah," Scott's voice echoes. "Derek as in Derek Hale? Stiles, where have you been?" Stiles nods miserably, painfully examining his own ignorance. He feels like the butt of every joke combined.*
The new barista at Jakku Java is going to give Ben a god damn heart attack. 
 
The first time he notices her, like actually notices her, it’s a Tuesday morning. He is sitting in his usual spot by the window, trying to finish up his paperwork before his shift at the hospital, when he hears … chanting. No — counting. He looks up, irate, and sees a small crowd surrounding two people in the corner. 
 
It’s two of the baristas — Finn, who’s been working there long enough that Ben remembers his name, and the scrawny new girl who started working in the back a few weeks ago. Their fingers are plugged up to their noses and their cheeks are comically swollen.
 
“118, 119 … That’s two minutes!” someone in the cluster around them shouts. 
 
The girl stamps her feet and crushes her eyes shut. Only then does it occur to Ben that the two of them are engaged in, of all things, a breath holding contest. 
 
It would be anxiety-inducing for a regular human. But as a doctor, watching all this go down made Ben’s skin itch. He came here to relax, dammit, not watch some college kids who know better than this pass out on a tile floor. He turns his head abruptly, resolving not to let them break his focus. 
 
“130, 131, 132 — ”
 
They’re going to kill themselves, the idiots. He scowls over at them. The girl’s face is red enough that he is sure she is going to pop a vein, and Finn looks like he is starting to cry. He feels the muscles in his legs tense, poised to put a stop to it. Honestly, they deserve whatever the hell they get, but if one of them passes out then he’ll be obligated to do something about it, and he really isn’t up to showing up to work with a couple of broken baristas. 
 
Mercifully, Finn gives up, heaving a horrible, mangled breath. Ben feels some measure of relief, expecting the girl to follow suit — only she doesn’t. Another second passes, and then another five, and she continues holding her breath, practically swaying on her feet —
 
His heart lurches in his throat, and just then she finally surrenders, smirking even as she starts heaving wretched breaths back into her lungs. The cluster cheers their victor, and Finn shamefacedly hands her a five dollar bill. 
 
“Morons,” Ben mutters under his breath. 
 
But it’s over. He turns back to his paperwork, his legs easing back into his chair, when out of the corner of his eye he sees the girl jump on top of the couch. When he turns she is still red-faced but triumphant, holding the five dollar bill in her hands. 
 
“Who’s next?” she cries. 
 
That’s it. He’s got way too much to worry about to spare his precious time on some dumb coed with abnormally large lungs. Ben grabs his briefcase, shoves the paperwork inside, and leaves before the second round can begin. 
  
When he comes in the next day at his usual time, the girl is up at the register. His irritation is instant. Finn and Poe have his drink order memorized and usually have it ready to go before he gets to the front of the line, but now he’s going to have to sit here and wait for it on a day when he’s already late. 
 
He considers just leaving, but the idea of not getting his caffeine fix is too depressing to handle. Besides, the line moves quickly. In another minute she is staring up at him under the brim of her Jakku Java baseball cap, all light-eyed and freckled and smirky. 
 
He blinks, a little disarmed by the effect of her. “I’d like a — ”
 
“Your order’s ready,” she tells him, shoving a cup into his hand. 
 
“Oh.” 
 
He must look confused, because she shrugs. “Poe told me to have an espresso ready for some super tall dude in scrubs, so I’m guessing that’s you?” 
 
“Yes,” he says, feeling oddly self-conscious. “That’s me.” 
 
“Sweet.” 
 
She looks past him at the next customer, already poised for that automatic “haveagoodday,” when he finds himself opening his big dumb mouth. 
 
“You really shouldn’t make bets holding your breath,” he says. “It’s dangerous.” 
 
Her brow furrows up at him. “What?” 
 
“You could pass out. Hit your head. Suffer internal bleeding. Not to mention severely damage your lungs,” he says. He felt armed knowing all this, but seeing the blatant amusement crease into the lines of her face, he suddenly feels like a nerdy fifth grader who just got his first pair of glasses. 
 
“Noted,” she says with a polite nod. 
 
He stares at her for a second, his ears reddening, before nodding back and turning abruptly. 
 
“But I would totally crush you at it. Just so you know.” 
 
The words make him cringe. When he looks back at her she flashes him a cheeky smile that he does not return, then moves onto the next customer. He is thinking about how god damn annoying she is long after his espresso is gone. 
  
A few weeks later he is outside the coffee shop again when he hears the distinct slap of plastic wheels on cement; he looks up and sees a bunch of dumb college kids with skateboards, messing around near the steep stairs that come down from the pedestrian bridge above the coffee shop. One of the kids trips on the railing and falls and cusses as he skids; once Ben sees him get back up looking relatively unharmed, he turns his attention back to his phone screen. 
 
“Hah!” 
 
Only then does Ben see her, leaning against the brick wall with a limp-looking sandwich, evidently on her break and looking quite amused. 
 
The fallen skateboarder glowers at her. “I’d like to see you try.” 
 
She shrugs. Shoves the rest of the sandwich her mouth. “Sure,” she says, her mouth still full as she walks over to the group of them. 
 
Ben should just walk the hell away from this — he’s hungry, and he’s tired, and he just wants to sink into his table at the coffee shop and read his damn book in the ten minutes he has before some inevitable commotion summons him back to the hospital during his on-call shift. 
 
And he does walk away. Or he starts to, at least. But as the girl extends her arm out for the kid to hand her the skateboard and then starts sprinting nimbly up the stairs with it, he finds his pace slowing to a halt. 
 
“You ever done this before?” one of the kids calls, half-mocking, half-concerned. 
 
The girl shrugs. “What’s the worst that could happen?” 
 
She’s kidding. She has to be. 
 
“She’s not gonna do it,” says one of the kids dismissively, echoing Ben’s thought. 
 
“Boo!” another one yells. 
 
“I have to finish my sandwich, you punks,” she answers back. 
 
She chews, swallows, then backs up quite a few feet, setting the skateboard on the ground and poising herself. Even then Ben is sure she isn’t going to do it — even the kids egging her on weren’t trying the full railing — but in the next she kicks her foot off the ground and she’s off with heedless kind of speed, her entire skinny body leaping into the air. 
 
Oh, Jesus. He’s going to watch the barista die. 
 
Only she doesn’t. He hears the scrape of wood on metal, and she’s flying — so spectacularly that for a second his awe distracts him from just how colossally stupid she is being. He thinks she must have hustled them, that there’s no way she hasn’t done this before, and then —
 
“Shit, shit, shit!”
 
She’s laughing as she goes down. Ben is trying not to choke on his own panic and she’s laughing, mercifully falling to the right and getting caught in the bushes instead of the left, where she undoubtedly would have broken all of her god damn limbs on the concrete stairs. She rolls down the hill, still cackling as she pulls herself up, retrieves the skateboard, and gives a little bow; the kids below cheer, a genuine kind of cheer, and Ben’s blood surges. 
 
“Thank you, thank you,” she says with a grin, pulling herself out of the brambles. 
 
She is so busy mock-bowing that she doesn’t even notice Ben stalking toward her until he has yanked the skateboard out of her hands. She blinks up at him, the smile faltering on her face, a tiny trickle of blood running down a scrape on her forehead. 
 
He stands there stupidly for a moment. “Wear a god damn helmet,” he tells her, shoving the skateboard back into the kid’s arms with enough force that he stumbles back. 
 
Nobody speaks, and after another beat he turns and stalks back down the stairs. 
 
“Nice to see you too!” 
   
The incidents start piling up after that. He can only figure the girl is a cat about to run out of her nine lives. One day he walks in on her doing a one-arm handstand on a chair. Another day she gets into another dumb bet with Finn over who can fit the most gum balls in their mouth. Yet another day a smoker puts a lit cigarette in the trash can, and she beats down the flames with her apron without so much as batting an eye, until her god damn sweater sleeve catches on fire. 
 
And she laughs. She’s always fucking laughing, doing stupid, reckless shit and grinning with that crinkly nose and those bright eyes like she’s having a god damn ball while Ben is actively trying not to scream. 
 
The solution is simple: he stops going to the coffee shop. 
 
Okay, he doesn’t stop entirely. But he’s around enough that he has a sense for her schedule, and deliberately shows up when he knows she isn’t going to be there. He doesn’t see her for weeks, and his blood pressure finally returns to some semblance of normal, and he figures he’ll just have to wait her out a few more weeks until she gets bored and quits like every other college kid who blows through Jakku Java and he can have his damn coffee shop back. 
 
It’s all well and good until Phas, a resident of his, corners him in the break room and all but forces him to join the rest of her crew for a New Year’s Eve party. Ben refuses. He doesn’t mind working, for one thing, and god knows that the hospital could use it — but then stupid Hux seizes the opportunity to outshine him by volunteering for his shift, and before Ben knows it he’s at a nightclub full of sweaty, disgusting, highly-intoxicated young people on the shittiest night of the year. 
 
“You are a young people,” Phas reminds him when he says just that. 
 
His grip is vice-like on his rum and coke. “Hardly.” 
 
“And this isn’t a shitty night. Loosen up a little, will you?” 
 
In his defense, he tries. He has two drinks. He even ventures onto the dance floor with Phas and some of the other people at the hospital for a few minutes. He might have even started enjoying himself, if it weren’t for her. 
 
He hears that laugh and he can feel that stress crick in his neck cropping up again before he even realizes who it’s coming from. When he turns around, he doesn’t see her at first — because she is on top of some guy’s shoulders, her hands up in the air, screaming the words to whatever intolerably loud song is blasting through the floor of the club. 
 
Of course. Of course. He tries to turn his head, but there she is in the periphery, swaying at a dangerous angle on top of this dude’s shoulders. They’re both clearly drunk off their rocker, or at least it seems this way from here, not that he cares, except then he hears this little shriek and just knows that it’s hers and the blood is rushing in his ears and he’s walking over and she’s practically falling off of him and —
 
“Put her down.” 
 
The other man scowls at him. “Who the fuck are you?” 
 
“Who the fuck am I, who the fuck are you?” Ben fires back. 
 
The guy’s face twists into a snarl, which is at once obscured by the girl’s hand, which she is using to pat him. “It’s okay, it’s fine, put me down,” she says. The guy obeys without taking his eyes off Ben, and the smiles up at him obliviously, thanks him for the ride, and then dismisses him with a wave. 
 
“Well, look who it is! Overly tall doctor!” she shouts over the music. “I haven’t seen you in ages.” 
 
“What the hell is your problem?” Ben bursts before he can help himself. It’s not just the shoulder stint, it’s weeks of biting his tongue and feeling his blood surge and his fucking hair probably going gray watching this girl’s complete and utter disregard for her mortality. “Every time I turn around, you’re getting into the stupidest shit —”
 
“Oh my gosh,” she says with a laugh, looking a little baffled by him, “hold on, would you just relax and — ”
 
“Relax? I’d love to,” he says through his teeth, “but how can I do that when every time I turn around you’re holding the sharp side of a knife with your teeth, or doing backflips in the parking lot, or getting tanked at a club on the most dangerous night of the year — ”
 
“Whoa,” she says, cutting him off. “You think I’m tanked? I’m nineteen, overly tall friend. I’m the only sober one here.” 
 
He processes this, and then adds pettily, “Okay, so you’re being an idiot sober, then.” 
 
To his surprise — and really, at this rate, it shouldn’t be — she grins at him. “No, I’m being a life liver sober, which is more than I can say for you.” 
 
Chanting again. People calling out numbers. It’s the breath holding contest all over again, except this time people aren’t counting up, but down. 
 
She takes the rum and coke from his hand, and he’s about to yap at her for drinking underage, but instead of putting it to her lips she sets it back down on the bar. He stares at the drink for a moment, and then back at her; it’s the first time he has ever seen her face look still, smiling lightly at him instead of laughing or making one of those ridiculous, open-mouthed grins of hers. 
 
“Thirty, twenty nine, twenty eight …” 
 
And then she’s tearing out of the club like a bullet, weaving and working her way through the crowd. He watches her, dumbstruck, thinking she is running away from him — but then she turns and sees he isn’t following, and jerks her chin at him with this little unspoken invitation. Another few seconds later she is shoving open a door that he didn’t even see, and they are spilling out into the alley, into the cold air. 
 
“What’re you — ”
 
“Come on,” she says. 
 
There’s a built-in ladder leading up to the roof, and she is scrambling up it; he doesn’t know what possesses him, but he follows her, feeling the pulse of the music inside the club vibrating in the flimsy metal handles. 
 
The chanting continues, getting louder, the whole city seeming to thrum with the anticipation. 
 
“Why are we on the god damn roof?” 
 
“It’s the new year,” she says, her eyes bright as she whips around to face him. “I’m not going to spend that shit inside.” 
 
He has no idea what the hell she means by that, when “inside” was perfectly fine and warm and socially acceptable to the rest of the humans they left behind, but she looks so earnest and hopeful and a little bit heartbreaking in that moment that she keeps his mouth shut. 
 
“Three, two, ONE!!!” 
 
And then the club erupts with noise beneath them, and light streaks across the sky, popping and crackling in their ears. She throws her hands up and lets out a happy little whoop as the fireworks shatter in the sky, swallowing each other up hole and fading into the night. He follows her eyes to them, feeling weirdly out of his own body — like he isn’t Ben Solo for a moment, but someone else entirely. Someone who feels things differently, who looks at the world differently, who doesn’t resent this girl for her very existence in the same ten feet of him. 
 
He feels something warm on his cheek. It’s over before he even realizes what’s happening; when he looks over at the girl, he can see the reflection of the fireworks sparkling in her eyes. He doesn’t say anything, staring back up at the sky, the ghost of her lips still burning into his cheek. 
 
They stand there in silence for god knows how long, until the finale, until the fireworks obliterate the sky and there is nothing but smoke and cold and police sirens and drunk people stumbling all over the street. He turns to her to tell her they ought to get down, and only then does he see her haphazardly swinging her legs over the roof edge, easing herself back down on the ladder. 
 
“By the way,” she says, with another one of those grins he is starting to dread. “My name’s Rey.” 
 Keith leans on his elbows against the counter and only barely resists lowering himself entirely to collapse on it. It's just after ten in the morning, a slow point for the coffee shop, so he doesn't feel too bad about ignoring the girl plugged into her laptop at the corner table, or about letting out a soft noise of annoyance. She doesn't look up, so he indulges himself and sighs again.It's only his second week here, the second week of summer, and he's already bored. Shiro's been in and out all morning, checking on him, nudging him if he's too short with a customer or doesn't remember to smile, ruffling his hair when he gets an order right the first time. He's in the back of the store right now, checking inventory, humming along to the typical indie music playlist they've got streaming through the speakers in the shop.It had never been Shiro's plan to own a coffee shop. Since he was little, he'd wanted to go into space, to become an astronaut and discover new worlds, to fly beyond the farthest stars in their system. Keith can remember sneaking into his room at night just to stare at the glow in the dark stars on the ceiling, trying to pick out constellations that Shiro would whisper to him.When Shiro was eighteen, months away from heading to college, he lost his right arm in the car accident that killed their parents. There had been nothing anyone could do for anyone, except be grateful that Keith had been with the babysitter at the time. Shiro had taken the loss better than Keith would have, both losing their parents and his dream of flying among the stars -- it was only after he'd grown up that Keith had realized he'd reacted that way in order to keep from losing Keith, who was only ten.Keith can still remember creeping downstairs just before bed to find him sitting at the table where dad used to sit, kitchen lights dimmed while he read through all of the legal documents that kept springing up as they dealt with their parents' estate, turning pages awkwardly with his left hand. He can still remember Shiro waking him up bright and early the next morning, a smile on his face and his lunch already packed, sending him to school with a wave goodbye. He'd always be there waiting when the bus pulled up again that evening, ready to help Keith unload his backpack, talk about what happened in school. He hadn't mentioned going to college once, and Keith was too young and blinded by his own grief to really question it.The coffee shop had been almost an accident of sorts, but a happy one. Shiro had taken the job part time that next spring and then full time as Keith finished up middle school, and had grown to love it. He came home smelling of coffee and cream and had a real smile on his face for the first time in months. Over time he'd taken on more and more responsibility, until the owners had passed on the shop to him when they retired, affectionately telling him that it was his in every other way already.Shiro's only owned the shop outright for the last two years, but he's been basically in charge of it for seven years. Which means Keith's spent a lot of time in here, sitting in the corner doing homework or listening to Shiro chat with regulars over the counter as he made them the same drink over and over. Keith's managed to get out of working here up until now thanks to school taking up the majority of his time, but now, in his summer before college, he doesn't have excuses anymore. And Shiro has been pressing at him to make some money before he  does  go to school, even if he'll still be living with Shiro.So here he is, a Tuesday morning in early June, watching people walk around outside on their way to the various stores, walking to and from the government building across the street. They get a steady stream of people from the other business owners in the area, and there are a few government employees who come through regularly, but the presence of a chain coffee shop just down the street means Keith isn't actually too familiar with the people he watches coming and going. There's an abundance of posters on street poles advertising for deals in shops for the princess's upcoming coronation, flapping slightly in a gentle breeze. The sky is sunny and bright, with only a few clouds dotting the canopy of blue to make it as picturesque as possible, the ultimate ideal compared to the air conditioned building he's trapped in for the next six hours. He scowls as Shiro cheerfully taps his pencil along with the drumbeat of the song, audible even through a closed door."Your face will get stuck like that, dude," Pidge says. He tilts his head to look at them, leaned up against the far counter, tapping idly at their phone. They have smudges all over their apron, and their hair is disheveled as always, but they look completely at ease, barely sparing him a glance when he sighs exaggeratedly again. "I don't know why you want to be out there anyway," they say, grinning. "The wifi is in here. The air conditioning is in here. The smooth stylings of some guy with a deep voice and an acoustic guitar--""This is a good track, Pidge," Shiro calls out, proving he's been listening to Keith's dramatics without saying anything."Sure thing, boss," Pidge says, rolling their eyes at Keith.Pidge is Shiro's best friend's younger sibling, so when they'd started bugging Matt about getting a job, he'd asked Shiro if they could work with him. Pidge is surprisingly good at making drinks, somehow able to avoid burning themselves with steam the way Keith always does, and usually doesn't bother with talking to the customers, which is good for everyone involved. Somehow Keith is better at presenting a friendly front than Pidge, who usually is only saved from getting yelled at by the fact that they're facing away from the customer when they make faces over their intricate or impossible demands."It's just -- boring," Keith admits. "Being in here while it's so nice out. Some of us like the outdoors, Pidge.""Just think of all the sweet, sweet cash," Pidge intones. "That's what gets me through the day.""Pidge, you're playing a game right now. This is what you'd be doing anyways," Shiro says, walking through the door from the back with a clipboard tucked under his arm. "Okay, Nyma's about to come off her break so I'm gonna go ahead and go to the bank while we're slow, alright? Call me if you need anything. I'm gonna grab lunch from that sandwich shop you like so much, too, Keith.""Get me--""I know," Shiro interrupts. "Italian with wheat bread, got it. Pidge?"They grin at him. "Surprise me.""You know he'll get you something gross just to see if you'll eat it, right?" Keith asks.They shrug, and Shiro removes his apron and hangs it up in the back, smiling innocently. "Sometimes the stuff he brings back is actually really good. Plus, Nyma's face when I ate that corn and spaghetti thing was hilarious.""Behave, you two," Shiro says, shouldering his messenger bag and waving a hand behind him as he walks towards the door. "Don't get into trouble while I'm gone.""How in the world are we supposed to do that?" Keith mutters, waving his hand back at Shiro, who flashes a grin before he passes in front of the shop window and is gone. Keith stares out the window a little while longer, tapping his finger along with the drumbeat of the overhead music, then glances sideways at Pidge."You'd find a way, I'm sure," Pidge says, returning to their phone. Keith goes back to staring out the window, watching people pass by with lazy eyes. After a minute of that, he looks around the shop again. The girl in the corner keeps her gaze locked onto her computer, ignoring them entirely as she steadily types -- her cup of black coffee is either finished or cold by now, but she shows no signs of moving. She's probably writing a paper, Keith thinks. Or maybe not, since it's summer. Maybe a novel? Or maybe she's just chatting to someone, and Keith should mind his own business.He goes back to looking out the window. A short woman passes with her phone pressed to her ear, chattering away continuously and gesturing wildly with one hand. A very young boy with what looks to be an older sister walk their huge dog down the other side of the street, passing by a man walking briskly in a business suit towards the government building. A tall boy with a dark blue cap and sunglasses passes in front of the coffee shop, trailed by an even taller boy with shaggy hair and a girl with short hair who are holding hands. The hat boy's eyes are shielded but Keith can see the curve of his mouth from here, pulled down into a frown. It's still a nice mouth, though.Keith shakes himself a little guiltily and idly scrubs at the counter with a washcloth, waiting a minute before he looks up at the window again. There's no one on the street at first, then the tall boy passes back past the window, glancing across the street fervently. The other boy and girl continue to follow him, seemingly indifferent to how strange they look. The girl, whose dark skin is contrasted by the pale pink sundress she's wearing, showing off fairly intimidating muscles, leans in close to whisper to the other boy. He laughs a little and shrugs, and then says something to the hat boy, who glances back and then into the coffee shop so quickly that Keith can't even pretend he wasn't staring. Keith can't see his eyes through the sunglasses, but he knows that the boy is staring at him, and he drops his gaze to the counter immediately, flushing hot. The bell above the doorway chimes as it opens, and the three of them spill into the shop. Keith forces himself to lift his gaze and smile, the way Shiro has asked him to.The boy is still in the front of the group, but he doesn't take off his glasses so Keith can't tell what he's really looking at -- either the menu or Keith. Keith feels a flash of annoyance but smothers it and pins his smile in place."Can I help you?" he asks. Pidge has slipped their phone into their pocket, standing ready. He can feel the amusement pouring off them in waves -- Pidge can probably tell how uncomfortable he is with the fact that he can't see this guy's eyes, but they mercifully stay quiet."Right," the guy says, crossing his arms. "A drink. I want a -- um--""This isn't a chain, dude," the other guy says. "Don't say a venti anything, please.""I wasn't going to, Hunk," Sunglasses retorts. "Uh. Just -- a medium coffee, whatever you have brewed is fine." He glances over his shoulder, like he's distracted or something, and Keith bites down on his tongue. The girl also scans the room, but she seems more purposeful about it, like she's looking for something in particular. The taller guy, Hunk, is examining the menu with interest, eyes bright under his dark hair."I'd like the light roast," the girl says, turning back to face him and smiling shyly at Keith. "You do a French press, correct?""Yep," Pidge says. "Coming right up. What about you, big guy?" Hunk tilts his head to watch as Pidge starts gathering the ingredients for Shay's drink, looking curious."Caramel macchiato," he says, grinning. "Shay, should we grab the window seat and let him pay?""Yes," Shay says, flashing a wider smile. "Good idea." She touches Sunglasses' shoulder briefly and then walks with the other guy to their window seat, the one that affords the best view of the street. Shay sits in one neat motion, legs crossed neatly at the ankles, hands folded on the table. Hunk leans forward with his head on his hand, slouched in his seat -- they're opposite angles but they look like a complete picture. She tilts her head towards him as he murmurs something but looks outside where the steady stream of traffic ebbs and flows.Sunglasses makes a coughing noise and Keith flushes, pulling his gaze back towards him, irrationally annoyed again that he can't see his eyes."Sorry," he mutters, and Sunglasses just tilts his head and looks at him. Or maybe he isn't looking at him. Keith hates sunglasses. He tells him his total and accepts his cash without saying anything else, even though Shiro likes him to make small talk when he can. Sunglasses doesn't say anything either, spinning in place to look out towards his friends. Keith takes a moment to look over him, taking in the plain dark blue cap, the contrast of an orange and yellow windbreaker over a plain white shirt, the dark gray cargo shorts showing off brown, toned calves. His shoes are surprisingly neat and clean, black with starbursts and studded faintly, with blindingly white laces. Keith jerks his eyes away from his legs as Sunglasses continues to pivot in place, turning back around to face the counter. He watches a slender eyebrow raise above the sunglasses and forces himself to smile blandly at the register.Pidge finishes the drinks quickly and pushes the three cups across the counter towards Sunglasses, who murmurs a quiet, "Thank you." Keith watches his fingers curl around the handles of the cups, sure he's going to spill them, but he picks them up and turns in place without pause. He sits next to Shay, pushing their respective drinks around the table, and pulls a small notepad out of one of his pockets, immediately scribbling on it. The sunglasses remain on.Pidge steps on Keith's foot, not quite gently. He looks at them to find them with pointedly raised eyebrows. They flick their eyes towards the table and back at Keith quickly, a smirk starting to curl their lips. Keith kicks, not quite gently, at their ankle and shakes his head vehemently.There's a shuffling noise from the back and then Nyma emerges, settling her apron back over her head, pulling the ends of her pale yellow hijab out from under the straps. "Did I miss anything?" she asks, coming to lean up against the counter next to Keith, looking out over the room. Her eyebrow lifts as she takes in the window table, but she doesn't say anything."It's been slow," Keith says, ignoring where Pidge is still tapping at his ankle with the toe of their shoe. "Shiro went to the bank and to get food. Did you want me to text him to grab you something?""Nah," Nyma says, still unabashedly looking at Sunglasses, who doesn't seem to have noticed her. There's something curious in her gaze, her casual demeanor betrayed by her slightly furrowed brow. "He asked me earlier and I told him I was getting a late lunch with Rolo." Her gaze flicks to the floor and her mouth curves. "Nice shoes."Keith looks at her, confused, and she looks back at him. Her eyes narrow and then her grin gets wider, more sly. "I guess?" Keith says, tilting the statement into a question. Nyma shakes her head and taps her nails on the counter in a steady rhythm, flashing pale gold."Don't worry about it," Nyma says. She pulls her gaze back to Keith and Pidge, still tapping her nails. "So, do you guys have plans for the coronation? Going to try and catch a party?""It's not for a few weeks," Pidge says dismissively. "I don't plan that far in advance. Although Matt and Shiro will probably try and make some kind of big event out of watching it on TV.""Princess Allura is basically already the queen," Keith says, looking back out the window, trying to pretend he's not watching Sunglasses murmur something to Shay and then scratch through something on his notepad roughly. "I thought she was pretty much running the country while her dad was sick anyways. I don't see the point of having a big ceremony.""It's tradition," Pidge says, at the same time Nyma says, "It's a party." They trade amused expressions."A traditional party," Keith says, and Nyma laughs. Her laugh draws the attention of the window table briefly, but they go back to talking to each other soon after."Exactly," Nyma says. "It makes things official. A new ruler of our little country. I think Plax is gonna go all out, so I'll be at her place. I'm sure you guys would be invited.""Maybe," Keith says noncommittally, while Pidge just shrugs. Nyma's friends are all older than Keith, aloof and effortlessly pretty, but they've been mostly welcoming the few times they've come to the shop. Keith doesn't know how to say he'd just prefer to sit at home and absently watch the coronation in his underwear on the couch without sounding weird, so this seems the best option.They get a few more customers in, then a brief push as people go on lunch and stop by to indulge in a better cup of coffee than the pot at their office; through it all, Sunglasses and crew remain at the window seat, conversing quietly among themselves. Sunglasses himself scratches at his leg, taps his pencil on the table in a bouncing rhythm, sips his coffee in big gulps -- but he never takes off his glasses or his hat.When they finally leave, Keith feels a bizarre mixture of relief that they're gone and frustration that he still doesn't really know what the guy looks like. Nyma watches them go as well, her eyes thoughtful. Keith stares at her, and when she notices he's looking, she murmurs, "That girl was really beautiful.""It looked like she was dating the tall one," Pidge says, stretching their hands above their head until something pops."I can appreciate a cute girl even if she already has a boyfriend," Nyma says tartly. Shiro chooses this moment to walk through the door, a couple of bags in hand, hair windswept slightly. A few regulars at one of the side tables call out a welcome, and he returns it warmly.He sets the bags on the counter in front of Keith, smiling at them. "Sorry, the lines were longer than I thought. You guys were okay, right?""Sure," Keith shrugs, trying not to remember the way Sunglasses’ mouth had been pursed while he wrote. "Nothing really happened."  The next day, he's busy with another customer when the bell chimes and they walk in again. It's the same formation, Hunk and Shay at the back, Sunglasses in front -- still wearing sunglasses. His hat is white now, and his sunglasses have deep blue frames and reflect Keith's own face back at him. He's wearing a loose white shirt and green pants and the same shoes. They hang back when they see Keith is with another customer, lingering a few feet away.Nyma's voice is full of laughter when she says, "Welcome to Topped Off." Keith focuses on ringing up the order correctly, handing the woman her change and smiling, passing the ticket on to Pidge. Sunglasses steps up, tilting his head up at the menu, face unreadable, but he seems less distracted today. His mouth is curved gently, arms crossed as he presumably reads over what they're offering. Behind him, Shay and Hunk are already settling at the same table they used the day before. Shay looks with interest at the couple of other regulars sitting scattered around, smiling brightly when they look back at her. Hunk is unloading a backpack, packed with the same notebook from yesterday and a laptop.He looks back at Sunglasses. "What can I get for you today?""Well," Sunglasses says. "Keith," he says after a pause where he presumably checks Keith's nametag, "I would like a hazelnut latte, a caramel macchiato, and -- uh, whatever Shay got yesterday.""Light roast, French press," Pidge chimes, already working on it while Nyma gathers mugs."Yes," Sunglasses says gratefully. "That. Thank you, uh, Pidge.""Couldn't resist coming back, huh?" Nyma asks, smiling at him. Sunglasses smiles back, and it's almost uncomfortably bright, revealing soft divots in his cheeks. Keith taps irritably at his register, accepting the money he absently passes him."It was delicious. Hunk wouldn't stop talking about how good it was. We had to come back." He leans forward towards Nyma on the counter, long fingers tapping against the wood in a playful pattern."Are you guys studying?" Nyma asks, setting the latte down in front of Sunglasses, who pulls it towards himself with a pleased grin."Yeah, doing a bit of research," Sunglasses says. "We're, uh, writing a book. Together.""What's it about?" Keith asks, surprising himself and the others, judging by the way they all look at him. He stares back, unflinching; after a moment, he realizes that Sunglasses is slightly red, pink dusting his cheeks -- he looks the way Keith remembers looking as a child when a teacher called on him and he didn't know the answer."We're -- we're still deciding," he says, sounding flustered. "We're thinking a mystery.""Sounds fascinating," Nyma says. "Here you go."She hands him the other two cups and he grabs them quickly, walking back towards their table. Pidge snorts quietly, wiping their hands off on a towel and tossing it at Keith, who catches it easily and scowls at them. "What?" he asks. "Nyma was asking questions, I can't?""Nyma is nosy," Pidge says. "It's in her nature.""True," Nyma says peaceably."You, on the other hand," Pidge says, trailing off meaningfully. Keith can feel his face heat and rolls his eyes."I was being friendly," Keith says. "You know, the way Shiro asks us to be.""Yes, you've always cared about your customer service," Pidge says, faux serious. "I totally forgot it was your number one priority--" They squawk and dodge the washcloth as it goes flying towards their face; normally Keith would be impressed with their reflexes, but unfortunately Shiro chooses that moment to pop through the door, and it smacks him wetly in the chest. Shiro gives Keith an unimpressed look, bending down to pick up the cloth."I was gonna ask how it's going but nevermind," Shiro says dryly. "Keith, I have to stop by the store on the way home, do you wanna come with or do you have plans?""Plans," Keith says immediately, although he has none, because shopping with Shiro always turns into an event. Shiro makes lists that he ignores, impulse buys and discards snack foods at the drop of a hat, and usually spends about ten minutes per aisle just comparing prices. It's a process that Keith isn't interested in being a part of."Okay," Shiro says. "Nyma, you're off at three, right?""Yep, leaving early," Nyma says, brushing a hand over her apron. "Big date tonight."  "Okay. I'll be in my office, let me know if you guys need anything, okay?" Shiro says, rubbing a hand affectionately over Keith's head before he heads into the back again. The bell chimes as another person enters the shop, distracting them all briefly, but once the man's cappuccino has been handed over, Keith finds himself looking again at the window table.He doesn't know what it is about them that makes him want to look. There's something noticeable about each of them; the straight line of Shay's back and her friendly, alert eyes, Hunk's quiet voice and deceptively gentle hands -- and this boy with ridiculous sunglasses, hidden away from view. Keith doesn't even know what color his eyes are. They're all looking out the window now, murmuring to each other. Occasionally, Hunk will type something in the computer and squint at it. Sunglasses continues to write, and whisper, and sip at his latte.They linger today as well, purchasing new drinks around the time Nyma clocks out, seemingly content to keep writing and gazing out the window and talking among themselves. When Sunglasses pays for the drinks, he tilts his head at Keith but doesn't say anything, mouth pursed consideringly. Keith hands him his change and resists the urge to scowl back at him.They leave a couple of hours before closing, and very few people come after, which means that Keith and Pidge clean up and lock up with one of Pidge's playlists blasting, an eclectic mix of literally every genre because Pidge hates uniformity. Keith is taking the trash out back when he hears something metallic roll over in the alley where the dumpster is, and he narrows his eyes into the darkness, trying to figure out where it's coming from."Keith!" Shiro calls out from inside, "I'm heading out. You have the keys, right?""Yeah," Keith replies, still staring into the alley. "Yeah, I've got them.""Be careful on your way home!" Shiro says, and then there's the sound of the bell as Shiro leaves again. Keith lingers outside for a moment longer, listening to the sound of cars on the street and people chattering as they pass by, but he can't see anything. He heads back inside, locking the door behind him, listening to Pidge jokingly wail along with the country song blasting from the speakers."Stop that," he says, watching them twirl the broom around like it's a dance partner. They ignore him and lower the broom tenderly into a dip, and then drop it unceremoniously to the ground. He can feel the edges of his mouth tugging into a smile despite how uneasy he still feels. "Are you ready to leave?""Been ready," Pidge says, gathering the broom back up and heading into the back room to shut down the speakers. Keith dims the lights, checks the door to the back is properly closed and locked, and heads towards the alarm while Pidge gathers up their bag and jacket. When they step outside, there's only the barest hint of the sunrise left, peeking over one of the taller buildings in the distance. Pidge shoulders on their jacket, and Keith shivers a little; Altean summers tended to be mild, and grew cooler early in the evenings. He wishes briefly for his own jacket, and then remembers the one Shiro keeps in the back room."I'm gonna grab something really quick," Keith says. "Are you headed home?""Yeah," Pidge says, peering out into the darkness. "It's mac and cheese night.""Matt's cooking?" Keith asks, grinning."No," Pidge shudders. "Dad is. I honestly don't know how Matt survives living on his own.  I'll bring leftovers if we have them though.""Thanks," Keith says, and watches them leave, waiting until they turn the corner to head back inside. The jacket is hanging on a hook in the back, one of Shiro's old letterman jackets from high school. It slips comfortingly over his hands as he grabs his backpack and heads back out, resetting the alarm and locking the front door behind himself. There's a few people on the sidewalk, heading home themselves, caught up in phone calls or listening to music, paying him little mind. He shoulders his backpack and starts walking himself, thinking briefly about stopping by the bookshop to see if there's anything new.He's only a few steps down the sidewalk when there's another sound from the alley next to the shop, and he stops."Hello?" he calls out, taking a tentative step into the darkness. "Who's there?"There's a shuffling noise, and then a flash of white -- a white hat. It's Sunglasses, only now he's actually taken them off. His eyes are shadowed by the hat and by the falling night, but Keith can see them flashing in the soft moonlight when he steps forward. He can't tell what color they are, but they're focused on him sheepishly."Sorry about that," Sunglasses says, grabbing the back of his neck. His lashes flutter as he looks around the mostly empty street, avoiding Keith's gaze."What are you doing?" Keith asks suspiciously. "I thought you left a while ago.""I was -- waiting to meet someone," Sunglasses said. "Hunk and Shay -- we were gonna use this place as a meet up to hang out tonight, but you guys were closing, and I don't like being on the street."It doesn't sound believable but Keith can't exactly pinpoint why. It's technically possible, but something about the way Sunglasses is shifting nervously puts Keith on edge too."What's your deal?" Keith finds himself saying. Shiro would probably hate him speaking this way to a customer, but Keith isn't on the clock, and Shiro isn't here, and he's been annoyed and intrigued by Sunglasses for two days  now."What do you mean?" Sunglasses asks, squinting at him."With you -- with everything about you," Keith says, folding his arms. "You're hiding something.""You don't even know me," Sunglasses says, laughing slightly, the sound echoing in the alley."Lance," Keith hears, and turns around to see Shay, slightly out of breath, Hunk a few steps behind her. "There you are. You did not tell us that you were -- oh! Keith the barista." She smiles brightly at him, white teeth flashing. "Thank you for standing with him. We should go now, though.""Sure, Shay," Lance says. His name fills in the gap Keith has been substituting with 'Sunglasses' easily, a common name in the kingdom that fits an uncommon person.  Lance, Keith thinks. "See you later, Keith the barista," Lance adds, stepping past him and slipping in between Shay and Hunk, who close ranks around him immediately. They start walking the opposite direction from Keith, and there's little he can do besides watch them leave. Lance glances back over his shoulder at Keith, those eyes glinting in the darkness before he turns around again. They turn the corner and disappear, leaving Keith standing next to the coffee shop, with cold fingertips and churning thoughts and the sound of Lance's laugh still ringing in his ears.Something in his gut is tugging at him. He wonders if they'll be back the next day.  "Okay," Pidge says grudgingly, "That sounds weird.""It is weird," Keith says firmly, tucking another receipt into the cash register and absently smiling at a little girl grabbing her hot chocolate. She smiles back, a gap in her teeth from a missing tooth showing clearly, and then follows her mother to a table. "He said something about meeting up with the other two but then they acted surprised to find him there.""So he was just skulking around in the alleyway?" Pidge asks, topping a cappuccino with foam and spinning the handle around to face the man standing at the counter waiting."I don't know about skulking," Keith says, remembering his smile and laughter again; he hadn't seemed like a bad person, just kind of weird. "There's just something strange about him.""You think he's hot," Pidge says bluntly, "What do you know?"Keith flushes red and fumbles the change he's grabbing, dropping a quarter on the ground. "I don't--" He ducks to pick up the coin and then raises up again, glaring at them. "I don't think he's hot," he hisses through his teeth."Sure you don't," Nyma says, passing by with an armful of dishes. "You think he's  pretty.""Is there a difference?" Pidge asks, wrinkling their nose."Can you both stop it," Keith says, and mercifully they do. It's probably only because they're in the middle of a rush, the early morning commute keeping them busy well into midmorning, but Keith takes what he can get. After the rush is finally down to a trickle and then stops, Keith sneaks away to take his break in the back, sprawling on the couch in Shiro's office while Shiro taps away at the computer. Keith has passed hours in this room, most of them when he was too young to stay home by himself while Shiro was working. The old owners had been indulgent about letting Keith spread his homework out on the floor and study, giving him hot chocolates and chai lattes, sneaking him cookies when Shiro wasn't looking. The familiar feel of the couch beneath his shoulders soothes him into a false sense of security."Sounds like you guys were slammed this morning," Shiro says with a strange tone in his voice, and Keith looks up from his book, tucking a finger into the page to keep his place. Shiro is peering curiously at him over the top of the monitor, and Keith shrugs."Not too bad," Keith says, already opening his book back up again."That's good. Hey, did I hear Pidge say something about you thinking someone was hot?" Shiro asks innocently, and Keith drops the book into his lap in shock, scowling when Shiro bursts into laughter."Pidge is full of shit," Keith says, looking sideways."They do have Matt as an older brother, so that's possible," Shiro says thoughtfully. "But speaking as  your  older brother, I can tell when you're hiding something. You've got a tell.""What?" Keith asks petulantly, crossing his arms. Shiro's mouth curls into a smirk."You look to the left and down when you're lying, and when someone presses you on it, you cross your arms just like that."Keith immediately uncrosses his arms and plants his hands in his lap, annoyed at Shiro, at Pidge, at Lance, at himself. He doesn't know what to say -- he knows Lance is pretty, or hot, or whatever. It's not why he's interested in him, though. There's something about him that's pulling at Keith, that makes him want to figure him out. He doesn't know how to articulate that without sounding creepy, so he settles for glaring at his hands."Hey," Shiro says, waving his own hands peacefully. "It's fine. You don't gotta talk to me about it. Just don't scare off any of my regulars and I'll be fine."Keith rolls his eyes, shrugging his shoulders and settling back onto the couch and flipping through his book to find his page again. "I doubt I'll ever see him again," Keith mutters, rolling his shoulders against the couch. Shiro hums absently, already caught up in his numbers again, and Keith passes the rest of the chapter in peace. When he heads back out, pulling his apron over his head, he can hear Nyma talking to someone. There's suppressed laughter in her voice, which means she's probably making fun of someone without them knowing it."Oh, here he is now," she says, looking over her shoulder at Keith as he closes the door behind him.It's Lance, sans sunglasses but with yet another cap, which is pulled down low. Hunk and Shay are already at their table, and they smile at Keith when he walks out."Morning, Keith the barista," Lance says cheerfully. Keith is close enough now to see his eyes, flashing despite the shadows cast by his hat brim -- they're bright blue, the color of the sea on a cloudless day. He's smiling at Keith, and it's curved strangely with a mixture of wryness and humor."It's almost noon," Keith says stupidly. Lance's smile widens."Observant as usual," Lance says. "Nyma already took our order. I asked if you were working today.""I work every day," Keith says. "My brother owns this shop.""I see," Lance says with interest. Pidge places the cups on the counter in front of him, but he doesn't look at them. Nyma has already moved on to grabbing more clean mugs from the back, and Pidge turns their back on the two of them, seemingly disinterested, but Keith can tell they're listening intently. "So," Lance says."So," Keith repeats. "How's the book coming?""Book? Oh! It's fine," Lance says, waving a hand through the air. A ring on his finger sparks in the light, a bright white gem set in the band. "We're almost done planning it out. Just a few more days maybe. The ambiance here is perfect for putting the plot together.""What did you decide on?" Keith asks. Lance is leaned onto the counter, tilted towards him, and belatedly he realizes that he's mirrored him, leaned in so that they're only a foot or so apart. "The genre, I mean.""A mystery," Lance says. "A political drama. With some action thrown in for good measure. Maybe some romance." His smile widens imperceptibly, but Keith is close enough to see a small divot form on his cheek. "Still deciding."Keith feels himself flush, but before he can reply, Hunk call out, "Lance, our drinks are getting cold. Come on!"Lance jerks back from Keith, looking over his shoulder at Hunk with a look on his face that Keith can't interpret. "Sorry, buddy," Lance says sheepishly, grabbing the cups. "Thanks, Keith the barista.""You're welcome," Keith says, feeling off balance. He watches Lance take his usual seat next to Shay, who whispers something to him that makes him laugh at her."Gross," Pidge whispers loudly at him. They're looking at him out of the corner of their eye, a mischievous smirk on their face. Nyma is thankfully still out of sight. When Keith dares a quick glance at Lance, he's looking out the window, tapping a pencil on his notebook. The only thing visible are the tips of his ears, which are slightly pink. Keith feels his own flush, which was just starting to subside, return full force."Shut up," Keith says, turning his back on the window table and shoving his hands into his pockets. Pidge snickers at him but doesn't say anything, pulling out their phone and opening a game. Keith listens to the sounds of Lance and his friends murmuring to each other, more desperate than ever to know what they're talking about.When they leave after a couple of hours, Lance catches Keith's eyes, smiling briefly before the door closes behind him. Pidge waits until they're out of sight before they burst into muffled laughter."Dude," they say. "You've got it bad.""I don't have anything," Keith protests, but it sounds weak to his own ears. "I don't even know him," he adds, repeating Lance's words from last night. It's still true. He doesn't know anything about Lance except that he's suspicious, he's not great at lying, he wears a lot of weird clothes, and he has really, really blue eyes. And a nice smile. Keith sulks into a cup of tea until the next rush distracts him from thinking about Lance again until closing.When Shiro and Keith shut the door behind them as they leave, Keith stops to peer into the alleyway, listening hard, even though Shiro gives him a strange look. There's no movement, no sounds, and Keith tucks his hands into his pockets and follows Shiro, swallowing his disappointment.  "So," Nyma says, interrupting him from watching the next day as Lance makes a face at himself for getting foam on his upper lip. Keith jerks guiltily and then turns to look at her. "Make any decisions on coming to the coronation party?""Uh," Keith says, "Not really."Nyma's smile is wicked at the edges, like she's telling a joke he isn't aware of. "I'm sure a lot of people will be having parties," she says, flicking her eyes to the side pointedly. Keith deliberately doesn't look towards the window. "Perhaps ones of different caliber though.""Why are you both so obsessed with this," Keith says, rolling his eyes. "There's nothing going on." Which is maybe not entirely accurate, but Keith doesn't know what to say about what  is  happening.(Today Lance had handed him exact change for the drinks, winking when Keith raised an eyebrow at him."Just trying to make things easier for you," he'd said. "It's the least we can do for such great service.""Thanks," Keith had replied, flushing at the slow curve of Lance's smile, and then tried not to feel too self-conscious about giving away three cranberry oatmeal cookies. Lance had looked at him questioningly, and Keith had said, unconvincingly, "They were -- we made too many. And you guys have been coming for a few days now, so. It's on the house.""Like a rewards program?" Lance had asked, biting into one of the cookies and making a soft, pleased sound at the taste. Keith felt his ears heat up and shrugged his shoulders. "Well," Lance had said, taking another bite, grinning, "We'll just have to keep coming back to find out what else we might get.")"Hmm," Nyma hums, tapping her mouth thoughtfully. "I think there's something going on. But hey, you're a smart kid. I'm sure you'll figure it out.""Gee, thanks," Keith mutters, sneaking a scone out of the display case and biting into it roughly. "I'm glad you're having a good time.""I'm having a  great  time," Nyma corrects. Keith scowls at her and she passes a cup of tea towards him, still smiling.At the window, Shay stands up suddenly, looking at her phone -- her chair squeals as it slides back and distracts them both. Her face is rigid with some tense emotion. She leans down to whisper to Lance and then hurries out the door, talking on her phone and pacing in front of the shop with short, agitated motions. Lance watches her avidly, half out of his seat himself until Hunk murmurs something to him and he sinks down again. They both watch her wordlessly; the shop is transformed from peaceful to anxious in a moment.Keith wants to ask what's going on but he can't bring himself to go closer. Through the window he watches with Nyma as Shay ends her phone call and comes back inside with a tense smile on her face. Her flat shoes make no sound as she hurries back towards Hunk and Lance and bends down to whisper to them."We should go," Shay says, just loud enough for Keith to hear."Is she--" Lance asks, looking stricken, and Shay shakes her head. He slumps in evident relief and then helps Hunk gather their things. This time, when they leave, Lance doesn't look back.Nyma watches them leave with a furrowed brow, chewing on her lower lip. Keith feels something heavy twist in his stomach, and wonders, yet again, if this will be the last time he sees Lance.After the midafternoon rush, Shiro comes in to check on them, freshening his own cup of coffee. People always expect for Shiro to be a purist about his coffee, to only drink it black, but for all that Shiro will drink basically any kind of coffee, can appreciate the flavor notes and subtle tones, he usually adds something to his drinks in the afternoon. He pours a generous amount of cream into this cup before he says, "How's your day been going?""Fine," Keith says, halfway to crossing his arms before he remembers and hurriedly stuffs them into his pockets. Shiro smirks at him over the rim of his mug but doesn't say anything."Hey Shiro," Nyma says, "Are you planning on doing anything special for the coronation? For the shop, I mean.""I've been thinking about that," Shiro says, adjusting his prosthetic a little absently. "I wanted to make a drink in honor of the princess? And if there's a good reception we could put it on the menu. I'm still figuring out exactly what to do, but I think that would draw some good attention.""Personalize the princess her own drink?" Nyma says, raising her eyebrows. "Is this really our boss, who took forever to admit we needed an online media presence? Coming up with an idea for a promotion all on his own?”Shiro's cheeks go red. "This is gonna be the first coronation a lot of the country sees. Maybe the only one a lot of us see. It's a big occasion, of course I'm gonna try and use the shop to celebrate it," he says."Sure thing," Nyma says, cutting her eyes towards Keith nonchalantly. "Maybe we could do a whole line of drinks for the entire royal family.""Allura's the only heir," Keith replies, frowning at her. "Why would we bother with anyone else?""It's an idea to honor the princess," Shiro says firmly, "Not a marketing ploy. I'm still working on it." He sighs a little and then takes a sip of his coffee, closing his eyes. He looks a little tired, which might be because of work, or might be because sometimes Shiro can't sleep at night. He has bouts of insomnia that leave him pattering around downstairs, watching television or working on paperwork for the shop -- he probably thinks Keith doesn't know about it. He hasn't heard him lately, but that might mean he's just learned to be quieter. This time of year is always hardest for the two of them -- the car accident so long ago had happened around the start of summer, and sometimes the anniversary goes by without a fuss, and sometimes the two of them struggle to keep everything together. This might be a bad year for Shiro. Keith makes a mental note to check up on him when they get home."Go get something to eat," Keith says, pushing gently at Shiro's shoulder. When Shiro opens his mouth to protest, Keith says, "I know you haven't eaten, so go do it. We'll be fine without you for a little while." Shiro's mouth closes, and he quirks his mouth guiltily at Keith. He probably knows what Keith is thinking, but neither of them will say anything in front of Nyma."Fine," he says. "I'm heading to Jay's and grabbing some pizza, then. I'll bring home extra for dinner.""Sweet," Keith says, pushing harder at him. "Go take a break now.""Okay, okay," Shiro says, laughing as he stumbles along. "Call me if you need anything while I'm out. Nyma, Pidge is on break for another five minutes but so if they don't show up, they're probably caught up on their phone and lost track of time.""Naturally," Nyma says, smoothing out her apron. "We've got things handled here, Shiro."When Shiro heads out the door, leaving behind a waft of fresh summer breeze, Keith leans forward with his elbows on the counter, closing his eyes. In his head, the last few days whirl like a kaleidoscope of memories, confusing and messy. It feels like it's been longer than it really has, but that's probably because most of his thoughts these days are centering on the same thing. On the same person. He's never fixated on anyone like this before, but there's something about Lance that keeps dragging at him, like he's missing something right on the tip of his tongue.There's a shuffling sound behind him, someone hurriedly pushing open the door, and he turns around in time to see Pidge brandishing their phone with a worried look on their face."You guys," Pidge says breathlessly, "Some guy tried to break into the palace to get to the princess.""What?" Keith asks, just as Nyma makes a startled noise and then covers her mouth. "Who was it? She's okay, right?""She's fine," Pidge says. "She was in her own office, apparently, and the guy was nowhere near her. They're saying he's Galran, even though no one can confirm that.""Is this more of that conspiracy that they're trying to start a war with us?" Nyma asks, wrinkling her nose. "Plax buys into that too.""I don't know what's going on, but there  have  been all kinds of incidents like this. And the Galra have been acting out. They're not happy that Allura is probably gonna keep her father's sanctions on them." Pidge shoves their phone into their pocket and sighs. "The Secretary of Defense is making noise about formally rebuking them.""He's not in charge," Nyma says, shrugging. "The princess is.""There's no way they're gonna do anything to upset people before the coronation," Keith says. "She doesn't have the authority yet.""After that, though," Pidge says, trailing off meaningfully. "I know the princess doesn't want a war, but--""We're not gonna start a war with Galra over borders, Pidge. They know we're bigger and more powerful. There's no need to do anything but give them a slap on the wrist and ignore them." Nyma fusses with a pin in her hijab and then sighs. "I'm gonna take my break. I'll be at the record shop down the street.""Say hi to Rolo," Pidge says. "And tell him Matt's gonna grab that album tomorrow, probably?""Sure," Nyma says, grabbing her purse. "Be right back."She's already gone from view when Keith realizes that she forgot to clock out. "I'm gonna go swipe her card real quick, okay?" he says to Pidge, and they nod, messing around with the cups and the espresso machine absently. He heads into the back, towards the time card reader, where their individual cards sit waiting to be swiped. They've done this for each other several times, since they're all absentminded, and Shiro isn't worried about them abusing the system, so Keith quickly runs her card through the reader and turns around to head back up front, but he suddenly hears raised voices. It's coming from the alley again, which makes him think of Lance, so he tentatively pushes the door open, peering around the edge as quietly as he can.It is Lance, with his hat and sunglasses again, although his hat is skewed to the side and his glasses are almost falling off of his nose. He's got a scowl on his face, facing a taller man with dark hair and hooded eyes, wearing a black suit with red trim."You should not be here," the man is saying, "Especially after--""You can't tell me what to do," Lance snarls. "I'm allowed to go where I want, I'm not even in line so it doesn't matter what I do--""You need to return home immediately," the man insists, reaching out to grab Lance's arm, and Keith steps out of the doorway with something hot bubbling in his chest, anger and worry warring with each other at Lance's desperate expression."Hey," he snaps. "Leave him alone."Lance turns in place, his furrowed brow immediately turning into an expression of shock. He recovers quickly, though, wrenching his arm away from the man and moving to step close to Keith. He grabs hold of Keith's shoulder and clings, his nails digging through his shirt. His voice doesn't waver even though his grip is tight enough that Keith will probably have marks."I'll be here with my friend, if you're so concerned with my whereabouts. You can tell your boss that she's not the boss of  me, and that I'm not going to be caged up."The man straightens up with a frown, casting a blandly annoyed look at Keith, who edges his way in front of Lance pointedly. "Fine," the man says. "But you should contact Ms. Balmera immediately.""I'll call Shay when you leave me alone," Lance says acidly.The man dips his head in acknowledgement and then turns and walks out of the alley, leaving them alone. Keith's heart feels like it's pounding in his chest at twice the normal speed, like he's run a marathon and then jerked to a halt. Lance still hasn't let go of his shoulder."What the fuck," he says as soon as the man is gone, looking sideways at Lance, who looks furious and resigned all at once. "And don't give me some bullshit answer, what is going on, Lance?"Lance loosens his grip on Keith and drops his hand, but before Keith has a chance to wonder what he's doing, Lance is grabbing his wrist and tugging him back towards the shop. His fingertips are warm against Keith's pulse, which trips unevenly still. "Let's go inside," he says, looking over his shoulder. "I'll tell you everything inside. And I probably actually should call Shay."Once the door has been closed and locked behind them, Keith raises an eyebrow at Lance, who sighs heavily. He takes off the glasses and hat, running his hand through his hair until it's standing on end."I don't know how to say this," he admits, his mouth quirked up in a self-deprecating smile."Generally you use words in a specific order," Keith prompts, which brings a more genuine smile to Lance's face. "Just tell me, Lance. It looked like you were in trouble, maybe I can help.""I'm a prince," Lance says quickly.It's so blunt and unaffected that Keith almost doesn't understand what he's saying, but when his brain catches up to his ears, he can't do anything but stare at Lance, who shrugs his shoulders wryly. The gesture is familiar, as all of Lance has been familiar this whole time, and everything slots into place as he realizes he's seen Lance do that on television, during an interview with a news station. Now that he can see his whole face properly, now that his eyes know what to look for, now that he's not distracted by Lance's pretty mouth or his long legs, Keith recognizes him -- he's Prince Lance of Altea, cousin to Princess Allura."Also a duke," Lance adds, when Keith doesn't say anything and just continues to gape at him. "I have a few other titles but those are just honorary, really.""You're -- you're the -- I can't believe I didn't recognize you," Keith says, clutching his forehead. Lance laughs a little, the same rich laughter he'd heard in the alleyway that night. "Everyone knows who you are, you're -- you actually  live  at the palace, you're--""It's actually not  that  uncommon for people to not recognize me," Lance says reassuringly. "Well. I mean. It's not common. But I'm not Allura, or anything, I'm like tenth in line, and I'm only living at the palace while I go to school--""You're in every magazine," Keith says, barely hearing him, annoyed at himself for how  stupid  he's been. Every sly comment from Nyma about Lance reverberates through his head, and he realizes she probably recognized him from the start. Pidge probably hasn't recognized him because they rarely look closely at any of the customers, but Keith had -- Keith had spent  hours  at this point sneaking glances at Lance, and he hadn't realized that this was the same prince who appeared on countless magazine covers, who charmed children at hospitals with jokes, who had an actual  fan club  at the high school Keith had gone to."I'm never going to live this down," he says wearily to himself."There, there," Lance says, patting his shoulder. Keith's slight hysterics seem to have had a positive influence on his own nerves. He's smiling genuinely again, which is good to see even if it is a little wicked around the edges. "I was trying to blend in, it's not your fault I was so good at it.""You wore sunglasses and a cap," Keith says, rolling his eyes. "You didn't even change any parts of your face.""I've been spending my time in a coffee shop during the slow hours when the only people who might recognize me were the employees," Lance counters, "And none of you ever said anything, so.""Fine," Keith says, "Whatever. What are you  doing? Why are you hiding out in my brother's coffee shop in the first place?""You're across from the Hall of Lions," Lance says, referring to the building across the street that holds offices for several branches of the government. "I can see who's coming and going at what times, I can get an idea of who's meeting with who.""And why is that necessary?" Keith asks, bewildered.Lance's jaw tightens, and he exhales slowly before he answers. "Someone in there is trying to overthrow Allura.""What?" Keith asks, stunned."You saw what happened earlier today, right? At the palace? That man was supposed to be assassinating her. He's not saying anything but everyone is assuming he did it on behalf of the Galra Empire." Lance crosses his arms, almost hugging himself. Keith feels his fingertips itch with the urge to reach out and comfort him, but he's not sure if it would be welcome. "I don't think he was. I think someone is trying to steal Allura's throne, and they're willing to start a war with Galra to do it.""If she dies, the throne goes to your other uncle though, doesn't it?" Keith asks, frowning."He's living in France right now, and if we're in a state of emergency, they'll take control and put off crowning a new king," Lance says. "Once they have power, it would be too easy for them to keep it. I don't know their whole plan. I don't even know who  they  are, I just know that Allura's life is in danger, that Altea is in danger." His expression is grim, his fists clenched at his side, blue eyes flashing with dark fire, and Keith swallows."So why haven't you gone to someone about this? Why are you playing Nancy Drew?" Keith asks.Lance's serious face does something complicated and then he laughs again. His eyes are bright blue again, flashing the color of the sky in the dim hallway when he says, "Nancy Drew? Of all of the detectives you could have compared me to--""She was my favorite," Keith replies defensively. "When I was younger."Lance's smile goes teasing, and his voice is warm. "Well then, consider me flattered.""Shut up," Keith says, and then realizes that he probably shouldn't tell royalty to shut up. He grimaces, but Lance is already laughing again. His smile is infectious, unbridled and pleased. He's the Lance that Keith has only seen glimpses of so far, and he's in front of Keith, laughing because of something  Keith  said. He hopes the poor lighting in the hall hides his flush."I liked her too. Well, her  and  the Hardy Boys. I'm not choosy." He winks a little, his smile widening with Keith sputters a little. It grows smaller as he sobers again, finally saying, "I can't trust anyone who could actually help. Only Shay and Hunk, really. I know Allura suspects something but she doesn't have any more evidence than I do. So I've been trying to figure out the best way to sneak into the Hall and track down  something, anything to prove that there's something going on.""That sounds," Keith says, "Like a really stupid plan. Just -- really stupid.""I never said it was a good idea," Lance says, scowling. "It's just the only thing I can do right now. Hunk has been trying to get into the security for the building, but he's more of a hardware guy than a software one.""What makes you think someone in there is behind it?" Keith asks dubiously. This is starting to sound like something out of Pidge's conspiracy theories, or maybe actually the convoluted fake theories Matt and Shiro make up to tease them with. Keith is still trying to catch up to the fact that Lance -- the boy he's been thinking about almost nonstop for days now -- is actually a  prince . The rest of this on top of that is too much."Coran," Lance says, and then stops at Keith's blank look. "Allura's steward," he explains. "He's been with the family for years, his whole family has been serving ours for decades. He basically runs the entire palace, and some of the staff have heard rumors. No one knows who's involved in what though, and Allura can't openly order an investigation or they'll just go into hiding.""So she asked you to--" Keith cuts himself off at Lance's immediately change in expression, serious eyes turning sheepish. "Wait. Does she even know you're doing this?""No," Lance admits. "She thinks we're just enjoying my last summer before college, so she hasn't really questioned why I'm not hanging around the palace much."Keith stares at him for a long moment. "You're -- you're--""Incredibly selfless? Stunningly clever? Cunning beyond belief?" Lance suggests, smiling cheekily."Ridiculous," Keith finishes firmly. "If all of this is true, you're putting yourself in danger, you--""Keith?" Pidge calls, and they both freeze. There's a shuffling noise from the front, like Pidge is setting something down, and Keith realizes all of a sudden how close they are in this hallway, Lance's body only a foot or so away from him, their heads angled together from their conversation. Keith's pushing Lance into Shiro's office without really thinking about it, just in time for Pidge to poke their head around the door. "Who are you talking to?" they ask suspiciously."Um," Keith says. "Myself." He crosses his arms and leans against Shiro's office door, trying his best to look casual and unassuming, but Pidge just squints at him. Lance, thankfully, stays silent."Okay," Pidge says slowly. "Are you coming back up front? Nyma will be back soon.""Yes," Keith says. "Let me just grab something from Shiro's office really quick, okay?""Sure," Pidge says, still peering suspiciously at him. Keith awkwardly waves a hand at them and then ducks into the office, where Lance is hovering close to the wall, looking vaguely amused."You pushed me," he whispers. "Just -- shoved me right in here--""Focus," Keith says, prodding Lance in the chest. Lance looks down at where Keith is touching him and raises an eyebrow; Keith flushes and jerks his hand away. "Is that guy gonna come back for you?""Guy?" Lance asks, brow furrowed. "Oh, him. He's just one of the palace security team guys. They're not technically responsible for me since I have Shay, but their boss is a real pain in the ass about keeping track of us. He won't come back for me.""Since you have Shay?" Keith echoes."She's my bodyguard," Lance explains. "For like two years now. Her whole family kind of has a business, she's meant to be a lowkey undercover sort of bodyguard."Keith thinks of her strong arms and friendly face, of how attentive her eyes were every time they came in, how she positioned herself between Lance and the window at every given opportunity. "Okay. I'm least surprised by this information out of everything I've heard today," Keith confesses, which makes Lance snicker. "So you're going to call her, right?""Yeah," Lance says. "I just -- I needed out of the palace and I've been coming here so often that it just felt natural, I guess. I asked Hunk to distract Shay because I knew she probably wouldn't let me go out, so now I owe  both  of them." He grimaces and then smiles crookedly at Keith. "I'll be out of your hair soon."Something about the way he says it makes Keith's stomach clench. He wants to reach out again and grab Lance, but doing that on purpose feels a hundred times scarier than facing that man in the alley had. "You'll be back tomorrow?" he asks, hoping he doesn't sound as desperate as he feels.Lance blinks at him for a long moment, and then says, mouth quirked, "Yeah. I'll see you tomorrow, Keith the barista.""Don't call me that," Keith tells him firmly, and then closes the door behind himself before he can say anything else embarrassing. When he gets to the front of the counter, Pidge is giving him a strange look. He straightens his apron innocently and looks back."What were you doing?" Pidge asks, looking him up and down. "What did you get from Shiro's office?""It wasn't there," Keith says, waving a hand. "A book. I just got distracted for a minute, sorry for being gone for so long. Anything happen?""No," Pidge says, sounding unconvinced at his explanation. "A guy walked in but he was looking for directions to the park. Are you okay?" They tilt their head and look closely at him. "Your face is kinda red.""I'm fine," Keith says. "It's just warm back there." When they open their mouth, he quickly interrupts with, "Did you hear anything else about the princess? Or that guy?"Pidge shakes their head, still looking sideways at him. "No, they're keeping a lid on things while it's under investigation. I'm tempted to try and hack into the defense department servers to see what the real story is, but dad would probably flip out if we got another government agent at our house."Keith nods absently, remembering what Lance had said about Hunk trying to find more information online about the Hall; he wonders if Lance would let Pidge help."Are you sure--" Pidge starts to say, but then there's the soft sound of the bell chiming as a customer walks into the shop. They both paste on their customer friendly faces and take the woman's order, and soon after her, another man walks in, and then Nyma comes back, and then they're hitting their steady flow of customers throughout the afternoon until it's almost time to leave.Pidge, thankfully, seems to have forgotten what they were talking about, slapping his shoulder cheerfully before they head out the door, already looking at their phone again. Keith goes to toss the trash, stopping in at Shiro's office to knock pointedly on the door frame. Shiro looks up at him with startled eyes and then nods his head tiredly, twisting his neck from side to side."Okay, okay," he murmurs. "I'll be ready to go in five. Everyone else already leave?""Yep," Keith says. "I'm gonna toss the trash and lock up."He pushes open the door to the alleyway, looking around even though he knows Lance won't be here tonight. When he turns around after putting the trash in the dumpster, he notices something blue stuck to the back of the door -- it's a note, hastily taped to the door, covered in a scrawling cursive. It reads,  Keith -- Can't wait to talk more about the book tomorrow. Just in case -- L.  Underneath the message is a phone number, and a small x. Keith stares at it, his stomach twisting in giddy knots, his face flushing red, long enough that Shiro calls his name before he finally reaches out and grabs the note, stuffing it into his pocket.He can feel the note in his pocket the whole way home, through dinner with Shiro and all the way up to his room, where he tentatively pulls it out and reads over the message again, lingering on the  Can't wait.  He puts the phone number into his phone with slightly shaky fingers staring at the stark numbers on his screen for what feels like hours. He goes back and forth over whether or not it would be a terrible idea to actually text Lance, and falls asleep with the phone still clutched in his hands.  "You look awful," Nyma says, not unkindly. Keith grunts at her, taking advantage of a brief lull in the morning rush to chug some of his tea. He'd woken up late, with his phone dead in his hand from forgetting to plug it in; he'd forgone fixing his hair because he'd only had time to brush his teeth and get dressed before Shiro was calling for him to hurry up; he'd accidentally knocked a customer's cup of coffee all over the counter while handing them back their credit card, right in the middle of their busiest rush; and now he was starving, tired, and looked like he'd just rolled out of bed. He wasn't even sure if his pants were clean or not."Here," Nyma says, handing him a hair tie. He takes it from her gratefully, pulling his hair up and out of his face, letting her reach out and smooth his bangs to the side while he wrestled the rest of his hair into submission. "Did you stay up late or something?""Something," Keith says, finally feeling a little bit better, especially as he takes another sip of tea and it warms him from the inside out. He thinks of Lance, and the phone number sitting in his phone right now, and then remembers Nyma's pointed questions and amused looks. He glances sideways at her and decides to test the waters. "I got someone's phone number."Nyma's face does something complicated and then settles on a slightly teasing smile. "Someone?" she repeats. "I thought you were all aflutter over that sunglasses kid.""It was his number," Keith says, inwardly pleased when her eyes widen and she coughs a little, clinging to the counter."You got his -- you got his phone number?" Nyma asks, surprised."You're acting like that's hard to believe," Keith says, faking offense. He raises an eyebrow at her and continues, pointedly, "He's just some guy , Nyma.""He's not--" Nyma stops herself midsentence and then looks closely at him. "Oh my god. You finally figured it out.""What -- how do you do that?" Keith complains, glaring at her."You crossed your arms," Nyma explains. He looks down at himself to see that it's true, and he scowls and hurriedly uncrosses them. "Classic Keith trying to hide something. So how did you find out about him? What finally gave it away?" She leans in closer, even though the people at the tables around them aren't paying them any attention.Keith sighs at her expectant expression and reluctantly says, "He told me.""Oh my god," Nyma says, laughing. "He had to -- he told you?" She leans in closer, lowering her voice even further. "How does him being a prince come up in day to day conversation?""I just got fed up with the weird behavior and told him to explain himself," Keith admits. "If you've known, why didn't you  say something," he adds, somewhat heatedly. "I was -- you could have given me a heads up.""Where's the fun in that?" Nyma asks. "Besides, you got his  phone number. Something clearly worked." Keith flushes and looks sideways as Pidge comes back from the back with an armful of coffee bags; they set their load down and then give the two of them a look."What are you two doing?" Pidge asks, pushing their glasses up absently."Gossiping," Nyma says blithely. Pidge makes a face and starts sorting the coffee without saying anything else, so Nyma turns back to Keith and raises her eyebrows."So you didn't call?" she asks."No," Keith says. His stomach is twisting again, less pleasantly than it had last night. Had Lance expected him to? What if he regretted giving Keith his phone number? What if he wasn't ever coming back here again, even if he'd said he would be? Was it too late to text? Too soon? "I don't know if I should.""If someone gives you their number, it means you probably should use it," Nyma tells him. They both look up as the door chimes and a fresh wave of customers comes pouring in. "Just saying," she adds out of the corner of her mouth. Keith can't respond, already putting his customer face on as he smiles and asks for the man's order, but in the back of his mind he's wondering when or if Lance will be the one walking through the door.Every time the bell chimes, Keith's head involuntarily jerks up and towards the door, but the morning rush comes and goes, as does noon, and there's still no sign of Lance. Nyma has taken to giving him slightly sympathetic glances from time to time, but Keith ignores her and clutches at his phone in his pocket, wondering if something has happened, if everything had been a joke, if it would be better to just delete the phone number and rid himself of the anxiety."You've been weird all morning," Pidge says. "Are you okay?" They push a cup of tea towards him, and he sighs and picks it up almost mechanically."Fine," Keith murmurs. "Just tired.""Been there," Pidge says. "Hey, you wanna watch me practice doing latte art? Or hey, you could give it a try.""What, like drawing art and stuff?" Keith asks."Yeah, I think it's cool. I'm trying to get it down myself so I can figure out how to program a robot to do it for me." Pidge pulls out a mug and starts fiddling with the espresso machine, and Keith follows them just to keep from looking at the door yet again. They steam the milk and tip the cup towards him, holding out the little jug. "You wanna try?""You do it," Keith says, spinning his own mug in his hand. Pidge shrugs and takes the steamed milk, gently swirling it throughout the espresso, finally building in the middle of the cup to form a heart. When they pull away the latte is almost entirely to the brim, wafting gentle steam and with an almost perfect heart in the center. "How much have you practiced that?" Keith asks, nudging them. They grin, pleased."Not that much," they say vaguely. "I'm really just trying to get a feel for the movements, so I can best replicate them--"The bell chimes, and Keith looks up, still half-listening to Pidge talking, and locks eyes with Lance. Everything in him tenses and then goes loose with relief, and he thinks he must be smiling, because Lance's own face lights up. Behind him, Shay and Hunk exchange looks and then head to their table without saying anything. Lance walks up to the counter and leans across it, mouth curved warmly. He's wearing the hat and sunglasses again, but he takes the sunglasses off when he reaches the counter, so close that Keith can pick out flecks of gray and green in his blue eyes."You didn't text me," Lance says, faintly accusatory. He leans his elbows on the counter, crossing his arms."Um," Keith says, groping for a reason other than  I was nervous, "My phone died." Technically not a lie. Lance's brow raises in disbelief, but he's still smiling."I thought maybe you decided it was too weird," Lance confesses. "The whole -- you know -- thing.""No," Keith says, shrugging. "I mean, it is weird. But it's not -- not too weird." He looks at Lance from under his lashes. "Are you guys still, uh, working on your book?""Yeah," Lance says, sighing. "It would be a lot easier if we could get into the actual server, though. Hunk is trying, but." He shakes his head, his shoulders rising and falling under a dark yellow shirt that clings to his biceps. "So more uh, planning today.""Actually," Keith says hesitantly, glancing sideways at Pidge, "I might know someone who could help you get in? Maybe?" Pidge is wrapped up typing something on their phone and taking careful pictures of the latte, so Keith leans in. "They're pretty good at it, they do that stuff in their free time."Lance looks conflicted, eyes darting between the two of them. "I don't want to involve you -- either of you. It's probably not safe, and they could get in trouble.""If you're right and the princess is in trouble, then shouldn't that be our priority? She's your cousin, and our leader." Keith asks, sneaking a glance at Pidge and Nyma to make sure they're not paying attention. There's a beat of silence, long enough that Keith looks back at Lance, confused. Lance's is staring at him, eyes wide like he's confused about something. He looks deeply at Keith, long enough that the urge to look away almost overtakes him, but Keith stares back unblinkingly."Uh, Keith," Pidge says, and he startles and looks at them, pulling back from Lance quickly. "Are they ordering?" they ask."Yes," Lance says smoothly, smiling at them. "The usual. But also, Keith was mentioning that you might be able to help us with something we're working on.""The book?" Pidge asks dubiously. "I'm not sure what help I'd be--""I trust Keith's opinion," Lance says swiftly, sending fissures of warmth into Keith's stomach. "Could we talk on your break maybe? Or Keith has my number, we can do it when you're not working.""We're slow right now," Pidge says. "Shiro won't mind. What's up?""So," Lance says, "I'm not sure if Keith told you already--""Some of us already knew," Nyma cuts in, waving her hand. Lance flashes a smile at her and takes off his cap, sweeping it beside him as he tips his head in a humorously formal bow."What gave me away?" he asks, straightening back up. After a moment of staring, Pidge makes a squawking noise and points at him, clearly having realized for themselves who Lance was."The two thousand dollar sneakers you wore here on the first day. I recognize Louboutins when I see them." Nyma tosses the ends of her headscarf over her shoulder and smiles wryly at Lance. "Plus, my girlfriend follows all of the royal family stuff. I literally probably know more about your family than you do.""That's a distinct possibility," Lance admits. "Anyways," he says, looking at Pidge."You're Lance  McClain," they say, not even bothering to stay quiet, prompting Shay and Hunk to look over at them sharply -- the shop is empty though, the way it always is around this time. "You're literally a prince and you gave  Keith  your phone number?"Keith kicks out at them with his foot automatically, and they dodge just as quickly, hopping out of reach. Lance laughs, leaning on the counter again, looking between Keith and Pidge curiously. "Was I not meant to?" he asks, tilting his head."It's Keith," Pidge says bluntly."I take it back," Keith says sourly. "Pidge doesn't get to be in on the government conspiracy thing."Pidge's ears practically perk up, and they immediately lean forward, eyes wide. "What do you mean?" they ask. "Conspiracy? Are the rumors true? It was a Galran guy that tried to break in yesterday?""Yes," Lance confirms. "But that's not the issue here.""It's the government trying to start a war, isn't it?" Pidge asks, and Lance blinks at them in surprise. They smack a hand onto the counter, setting the latte they'd made trembling in its cup. "I knew it! Everything has been way too neat so far.""Um," Lance says. "I guess. You already know about this?""There's lots of forums talking about it," Pidge says. "Of course, they all think that Allura is an alien, too, so I try to take things with a grain of salt.""They think she's an alien?" Lance says, baffled. He shakes his head and presses his hands to the counter, leaning forward. "Listen, we need some way to access the government server that's hosting blueprints and information about where certain offices are for the building across the street. Can you do that?"Pidge frowns up at them. "Of course I can do that. Is that all?""Well," Lance says carefully, "We may need future assistance in taking down a security system?"Pidge's expression clears into a wicked smile. "That's more like it. Yeah, I can get you your information.""Discreetly?" Lance hedges, and Pidge nods their head, angling to look at the laptop that Hunk has already pulled out. Lance's face is tentatively relieved but also wary, which is a good way to feel about Pidge helping you with something technical in Keith's experience. "Do you want to meet up after work?""Yes," Pidge says, pulling out their phone. "Bring any info you guys already have, but I'd rather use my own gear, so I'll grab that. We can meet at Keith's house? There's fewer people there, he just has Shiro.""You want me to bring a prince to my house?" Keith asks incredulously. "Shiro is definitely gonna know who he is, it's just dumb luck they haven't met before now.""He does tend to keep up with who is in charge of our government, like most other human beings," Nyma says. "He's probably pretty aware of who Lance is. Unlike some people.""Not everyone can be as observant as you," Lance says, winking at her, "Although I like to think my disguise was just that good." Keith scoffs, and Pidge makes a short, dismissive noise. "Neither of you can say anything.""Whatever, we can meet at my house," Keith says, waving a hand, grabbing a napkin and scribbling the address onto it. “Are you free at seven?”Lance looks at him again and his mouth curves slowly, a crooked smile that shows off his dimples again. "That sounds good," he says, tapping his fingers on the counter. With a start, Keith realizes that his own hands have drifted dangerously close to touching Lance's, and he startles and pulls back. Lance doesn't say anything, just keeps tapping his fingers."I'll get your drinks," Pidge says, with a heavy tone of judgement in their voice. Keith can't look at them, or at Lance, aware that he's flushed pink, so he focuses on Lance's long fingers, still tapping on the counter. They stop only so Lance can get his money out to pay for the drinks, which he gathers up and carries over to the table where Shay and Hunk have been openly watching him the entire time."I can't believe you've been flirting with a prince," Pidge mutters under their breath."I haven't been flirting," Keith whispers back heatedly, watching Lance take a sip of his drink out of the corner of his eye. "And he's -- he's still the same person even if he does have a title, so it doesn't matter.""We're about to break several laws in pursuit of evidence of a governmental conspiracy to commit a coup, so like, I think it matters a little bit," Pidge points out."You guys are doing all of that," Nyma says. "I'm hanging back and holding on to my plausible deniability.""Thanks," Keith says dryly. He chances another look at Lance, who's looking out the window again, tapping his pencil against the table, listening to Hunk speak if the tilt of his head is any indication. He's got his cap back on, hiding his eyes, but Keith can track the line of his jaw, his smooth nails and the shifting of his muscles under the shirt -- he forcibly makes himself look away, but he knows it's going to be a very long wait until the end of his shift.  Keith doesn't think about what to tell Shiro until ten minutes until they're about to leave. Nyma has already clocked out, and Pidge is lingering close by, nearly bouncing on the tip of their toes in excitement. Shiro locks up his office, turning off the lights in the hallway, and Keith blurts out, "I have a few friends coming over later."Shiro pauses and looks at him with a furrowed brow. "Which friends?" he asks."Uh, Pidge," Keith says, ignoring Pidge's muffled snickers from behind him. "And a few other people I've met over the summer," he says, trying to be as vague as possible. Shiro's eyes narrow and then he starts grinning."Is one of them that guy? The hot guy?" he asks, and Keith groans and covers his face with his hands."No," he says firmly. "These are friends, we're going to be playing video games in my room, please don't make things weird."Shiro ruffles his hair, ignoring his protesting noises, and laughs a little. "Fine, fine, I'll be nice. I’ll even be extra nice. I can go hang out with Matt for a while, he's been meaning to show me some of the music he's working on anyways." They all shuffle out the front door and Shiro locks it behind him, looking back through the glass automatically, checking to make sure everything looks right. "Do you wanna grab dinner?""Pidge and I can grab some burgers, if you wanna eat with Matt," Keith suggests, and Shiro nods, clicking a switch on his keychain absently."I'll probably be home in a few hours, okay? Don't trash the house," Shiro says, slapping Keith's back and rubbing Pidge's head before he splits off and walks in the direction of Matt's apartment. Keith watches him for a moment, glad to see he looks better than he had yesterday, slightly guilty he'd forgotten to check on him because he'd been so wrapped up in Lance.  After this is handled, he thinks to himself.Pidge splits off briefly to grab their own computer, while he grabs the food. When they finally make it to his house and eat, he can barely taste the food he's chewing, watching the clock tick closer and closer to when Lance is supposed to show up. Pidge watches him with barely concealed amusement, and he throws a fry at them. A miniature food fight almost breaks out, when there's a knock on the front door, and Keith freezes and takes a ketchup packet to the face."Oops," Pidge says unapologetically. "Are you gonna get the door?"Keith flips them a finger and then hurries to the front door, absently smoothing out his shirt, hoping there's no food on him anywhere. When he opens the door, Shay is watching the street, Hunk is waving a hand at him, and Lance is there in front, looking down at the ground, evidently inspecting their welcome mat, which says  Hi, I'm Mat , an unfortunate housewarming gift from Matt. He's smiling absently, and it widens when he looks up and sees Keith.He's not wearing the sunglasses or the hat right now, his hair artfully disheveled and his eyes glinting in the setting twilight. Keith's heart leaps into his throat and lingers, but he swallows it back down and opens the door wider."Come in," he says, and inwardly cringes at how awkward his voice is. "Um, did you want -- a drink, something to drink?""Got an espresso machine at the house?" Lance asks, brushing past Keith and examining the house with interest, looking around the living room. He's wearing the same normal clothes he's always worn in front of Keith, but there's something about seeing him and knowing he's a prince, a real prince standing in Keith's home, that makes him worry about the threadbare couch, and the slightly crooked coffee table Keith had built out of wood he'd found on sidewalk curbs waiting to be hauled away. There are the pillows his mother had put on the couch at their old house, a dozen years old and clearly showing it, and his dad's favorite lamp, yellowed a little with age, sitting next to Shiro's armchair. It's not a hideous living room -- it's one of Keith's favorite places in the world -- but it is not a palace."Don't be rude," Hunk scolds him, and then smiles brightly at Keith. "Thanks for inviting us over. And for helping with the hacking stuff. If this thing required building some kind of robot or deconstructing some kind of machine or engine I'd be fine, but coding is a little bit harder for me.""That's what Pidge lives for," Keith says, smiling back tentatively.Shay hasn't said anything yet, shutting the door behind her and looking around the house as well, with much sharper eyes. Her gaze slides over the couch and lamp and pictures on the wall, lingering on the windows and the doors, until finally she looks at Keith. She clasps her hands behind her back, and her voice is warm when she says, "Thank you for helping, Keith. Lance is determined to do this, and I am determined to keep him safe, so this assists us immensely."Pidge comes into the living room with their bag, slinging it onto the couch. "I'm ready to go when you guys are. There's some fries leftover if anyone wants any.""We ate earlier," Hunk says, looking at the various bits of tech Pidge pulls out curiously. "How are you going to keep from being noticed?""I've got a program -- several of them, actually -- that lets me in the backdoor of pretty much anything," Pidge says, already tapping. "I've been testing it on government servers and websites for ages. This one shouldn't be much more difficult. Now, doing an actual security system during a real time break in--""That's still up for debate," Hunk says, giving Lance a look. "I don't know how likely it would be that there's even anything  in  there worth breaking in for.""There has to be something," Lance says, tilting his head at Pidge's computer screen, watching them type so quickly their fingers almost blur. "I can't follow this," he admits, looking up at Keith. "I was joking about the espresso machine, but maybe a glass of water?""Sure," Keith says, grateful to have something to do, and hurries out of the room towards the kitchen. He's just debating on how much ice to put into the glass (one of their only nice glasses, one of the ones from their old house) when he hears someone follow him in. He glances behind himself to see Lance leaning against the door frame and watching him. "You didn't have to come, I can bring it to you," Keith says."They're having fun explaining all of that technical jargon to Shay. I'd rather hang out with you," Lance says. His mouth is a dangerous curl, his arms casually tucked into his pockets. He still looks out of place, bigger than the room somehow, the force of his gaze a physical touch. Keith is slowly growing familiar with this, the feeling of being over his head but kind of enjoying the sensation. It’s nearly constant when he’s with Lance."Hang out with me in the kitchen while I get you water?" he asks, filling the glass and sliding it towards Lance, who has to quickly pull his hands out of his pockets and grab the cup to keep it from sloshing over."I'm not much for computer sciences or for math," Lance says, taking a sip and smiling over the brim of his cup."You're in college, aren't you?" Keith asks, leaning back against the cabinets. Lance sets his cup down and moves a little closer, leaning back against the wall. His toes are pointed towards Keith, the same expensive shoes from that first day. Two thousand dollar shoes in Keith's tiny kitchen."Sophomore this fall," Lance says, shrugging. "I'm going to school for International Diplomacy. I don't need to be king to do something to help Altea, and I'm good at talking to people, at making connections." He looks at Keith, tilting his head. "What about you?""I'll be a freshman," Keith says. "I'm -- I'm undecided.""You'll figure something out," Lance says, grinning. "Maybe you'll write the book we were pretending to come up with.""A writer?" Keith asks, surprised."You like books, don't you?" Lance asks. Somehow they've drifted closer together, so that their shoulders are nearly touching. Keith can feel the warmth coming off of him, the hint of freckles on the tops of his cheekbones distracting him for a second."How did you know that?" Keith asks."I wonder, Nancy Drew," Lance teases, and Keith goes pink. "Plus I've seen you a couple of times reading when you get bored at work. And there are tons of books in the living room. I'm assuming at least some of them are yours.""Most," Keith admits, strangely pleased that Lance has noticed so much. "Shiro gets too busy to read most of the time, but he likes the classics. I'll read pretty much anything.""I like mysteries," Lance says. Their shoulders brush, and Keith gives into the urge to just lean in a little bit, pressing his shoulder to Lance's. Lance is tall enough that this close, he has to tilt his head just a little to look up at him. His stomach flutters nervously. "Or books about space. My mom and I used to stargaze a lot when I was a kid. It was kind of our thing, which was a big deal when you're the youngest of five. I always loved finding Leo, because lions were my favorite animal growing up.""Shiro taught me the major constellations growing up, but I didn't have a favorite. He likes to tell stories about me coming up with my own constellations," Keith says, looking up at the ceiling. When they were young, Shiro would put a new constellation up on the ceiling of his room every week, teaching them slowly to Keith, and once a month, on a clear night, they would drive with his parents out of the city to stargaze. Those nights are some of the strongest memories of his childhood, some of the only memories he really has of his parents any more."You could write a book about space, then," Lance suggests, glancing sideways at him, bumping his shoulder so they rock together. "You know you'd have at least one fan."This close, Keith can smell something spicy, like cinnamon gum. He can see the deep waters of Lance's eyes, the way his mouth forms a perfect bow when he smiles. Lance's lashes are long and dark, and they flutter as Lance looks down at him, eyes darting over his face as if he's studying him, looking for something specific. Keith's stomach feels tight with tension and anticipation, and he waits with bated breath as Lance leans in closer, his own eyes already lidded--"We did it!" Pidge shouts, and they jerk apart fast enough that Keith smashes back into the cabinets. "We found something!""Sorry! Are you okay?" Lance asks, touching his shoulder slightly when Keith winces."Fine," Keith says, mortified. What had he been  doing? Was he really going to try and kiss  Lance , prince and relative stranger, in his kitchen while his best friend broke several laws in the next room? "We should go see what they found," he says, edging around Lance quickly. He hurries back to the living room, hearing Lance slowly follow behind him.In the living room, Pidge is sitting with their legs crossed, balancing their laptop on top of them, while Hunk leans over one shoulder and Shay leans over the other. They look pleased with themselves, while Shay and Hunk are looking with furrowed brows at the screen."What did you find?" Keith asks, looking straight ahead as Lance comes up next to him. Pidge gestures to the screen, where a download bar is slowly filling up."I got in pretty easily, and I'm pretty sure I wasn't noticed, so all I had to do from there was find out where documents concerning the building were located. Found the blueprints after a bit of searching, but finding something regarding who works where was a little bit harder because it changes so often. I think I found something from one of the mail room computers that keeps track? That wasn't the best part, though," they say, tapping lightly. A screen pops up, an email with no subject. "This was from some unknown person to the Sec of Defense, that Zarkon guy who's been heading up all of the press conferences about Galra recently. I can't trace the person through their email, it's a burner account. Zarkon didn't respond, but I don't think they use this server to communicate usually, because I didn't find any other emails from this account or similar ones. This one I found through searching for references to Allura and the Galra empire, cross referenced with words pertaining to yesterday's attempted attack."The email is short, with a series of numbers as the email name, and does not state who it is for or from.
 We have given P his directions. I shall give the go ahead at the agreed upon time shortly after noon. Dove will be in her office at that time. Should draw sufficient attention. S will tip off relevant sources, including in Galra. Will meet with you later. 
"Dove is Allura's codename for palace security, which is what Shay told me to search for," Pidge explains. "I think P is Prorok, that guy who tried to break in yesterday. His name is all over documents and conversations about yesterday. No idea who S is, or if it was meant to go to Zarkon, or if it was for someone else in the organization, or what."Lance looks slightly shellshocked. "I knew it had to go pretty far up to be of any benefit to someone to try and stage a coup," he says uneasily. "But I didn't think Zarkon. He was one of my uncle's most trusted advisers.""This is just circumstantial," Shay says, frowning. "We do not know who it is from or exactly what it pertains to, we do not even know if Zarkon was the one who received it.""We have to get more evidence," Lance says firmly. "I've got to have something concrete to take to Allura.""How do we know there's even anything to find in there," Keith wonders, and Pidge makes a face."There's some stuff on this guy’s computer that’s locked away, and I'd need to be physically there to access," Pidge says, "Or have someone else be there that I could talk through. I can see that it's there but I can't tell what it is. I can only assume that with this level of encryption it's important, though.""And you still us think sneaking in is the best way to get it?" Hunk asks skeptically. "Lance, you're nineteen. Shay is the oldest out of all of us, and she's only twenty-one. Most of us are civilians with no experience. I don't think this is a good idea.""It most certainly is not," Shay says, frowning a little."I know that," Lance says hotly. "I'm well aware of all of the things that can go wrong. But I'm -- I have to do  something  , don't I? I can't just sit back and wait. Allura's hands are tied, and besides she's trying to run the country  and  actually get crowned in two weeks." Lance's faces them with a determined look in his eye, bracing his hands on the back of the couch. "I'm gonna do this. I won't make any of you join me, especially Keith and Pidge. But Allura and Altea are more important that what might happen to me."It should sound ridiculous. It should be the kind of speech you hear in a television drama, or read about in an action novel, but Keith feels his heart pound in his chest looking at Lance. He's backlit by the kitchen light, dressed in casual clothes in a living room with an awful picture of Keith in soccer gear on the wall behind him, but Keith can see the kind of person, the kind of king he might have been. Selfless, headstrong, confident in what was right and wrong -- Keith's heart does a slow twirl in his chest, aching behind his lungs."I'll help," he hears himself say. He can’t quite bring himself to think that it's a bad idea, especially not when Lance sends him a relieved look."I'm in," Pidge says excitedly. "This will be the first practical test of some of the algorithms I've made. It'll be amazing.""I'm always with you, bro," Hunk says, reaching out and nudging Lance's shoulder with his fist. "You know that. Plus, someone's gotta be there to make sure you don't make a mess of things.""Yes," Shay says, "That would be me.""Hey," Lance says, laughing as they trade grins. "You're stepping on my cool moment.""The moment has passed," Hunk says solemnly. "So what do you wanna do from here? We've got enough info to figure out where we need to go, but now we need to figure out how.""I think--" Lance starts to say, but they all cut off at the sound of the front door opening."Keith?" Shiro calls, toeing off his shoes at the front door. "Sorry, I know I said I'd be out longer but I really have some paperwork I need to do." He walks around the corner and takes one look at the five of them huddled in the living room around Pidge, whose screen is open to blueprints and documents flashing past as the computer reads them. He opens his mouth and then closes it audibly as he catches sight of Lance, who smiles sheepishly at him."Hello," Lance says, a little awkwardly. "It's nice to finally meet you?""Keith," Shiro says faintly. "Are you -- is this the guy you've been talking about?" Keith inwardly winces at the way Lance glances his way at that, but nods his head. "He's -- you're the prince," Shiro says, as if Lance isn't well aware of who he is."One of the princes," Lance says. "I have brothers. And a couple of cousins.""We're his friends," Hunk says, waving his hand. "But it's okay that you don't know us, I guess.""Shiro," Keith says, "I can explain.""Can you?" Shiro asks, frowning. Keith hears a small snapping noise as Pidge casually shuts the laptop screen, tucking it under their arms. "Because I really think I would remember if you'd said that literal royalty was coming to our house.""I only found out yesterday?" Keith tries hopefully. Shiro gives him an unimpressed look, and Keith wracks his brain for something to say, coming up with absolutely nothing. Lance clears his throat and draws both of their attention back to himself effortlessly."I asked Keith to keep it a secret. I just wanted to spend some time with my friends, as a normal person. I rarely get to do that. I'm sorry for the deception." He smiles, an earnest and sincere smile, and Keith can pinpoint exactly when Shiro relents, because his shoulders loosen and he gives Lance a crooked smile in return."I'm sorry," Shiro says. "I just wasn't expecting to find you here, I suppose. I see you in the news a lot. It's like walking in and finding -- finding --""The princess, maybe?" Pidge suggests, when Shiro struggles for a few seconds to find someone to compare to, which makes Shiro roll his eyes and Lance laugh."Allura would love your coffee," Lance says brightly. "I could bring her along sometime."Shiro stares at him for a long moment, and then sighs. "I'm going to my room," he says, long-suffering. "Let me know if you need anything, or if more royalty  will be coming to our house.""Will do," Keith says, slightly guiltily. He's relieved when Shiro rubs a hand over his hair as he passes, enough that he doesn't say anything in protest about him messing his hair up."That was close," Pidge says, as the door closes behind Shiro."We should talk about this somewhere else," Keith says, eyeing Shiro's room. Lance nods and taps Pidge's shoulder."Can you send what you have to Hunk, and we'll get started on figuring something out? We can talk about it tomorrow during your breaks or after work." He looks up at Keith with serious eyes. "Or you can change your minds about helping out at all. I won't mind.""Not happening," Keith says firmly."Yeah," Pidge says, sticking their laptop in their bag and grinning up at them. "This may be my only chance to be a part of a heist.""This is not a heist," Hunk says, grimacing. "Heist makes it sound scarier. Like some kind of movie where things explode a lot.""It does fit the parameters of a heist, though," Shay points out. "Except for the exploding. So far.""Good vibes," Lance says wryly. "Okay, we should head back. We can meet at the shop -- shit, wait, we can't -- we'll have to meet Monday, I have to meet with a bunch of people about my clothes for the coronation, as well as the speech I'm supposed to give." Lance makes an annoyed face, which makes Keith smile a little."That's fine," Keith says, shrugging. "We're closed on Sundays, anyways.""Good to know," Lance says, "Because I definitely would have showed up without checking first. We'll meet Monday at the shop."He looks at Hunk and Shay and they both stand up. Shay reaches them first, stopping on the door only to smile gently at Keith."Thank you for this," she says, tipping her head towards him, and then opens the front door to peer into the darkness, already on her phone."Yeah, hopefully your brother doesn't give you too much trouble," Hunk says, grinning at Keith. "I know my sisters were nonstop when they found out I was best friends with a real life prince, but that was like, twelve years ago, so maybe it's different when it's a fully grown adult.""He's probably going to be torn between lecturing me and trying to figure out how likely it is that Lance really will ask Allura to come to the shop," Keith says, which makes Hunk laugh. He fist bumps with Pidge before he joins Shay out on the front step, leaving Lance to linger in the hallway."Sorry," Lance says ruefully. "About -- everything, I guess, but mostly the whole 'lying to your brother' thing. I panicked a little.""It's fine," Keith says, shrugging. "He's used to me pulling stuff like this." He glances to the side, where Pidge is obviously eavesdropping. "It's probably better than anything I ever came up with, though."Lance winks. "International Diplomacy comes in clutch." Keith laughs a little, and Lance's smile goes soft. He reaches out and touches Keith's arm, just his fingertips against the skin, and Keith shivers. "I'll see you tomorrow, Keith," he says quietly.His voice, blanketed between them in the darkness of night, is like the feeling of the first sip of warm tea in the morning, of waking up to a rain shower, of burying your face in a pile of freshly washed blankets. Keith feels that same slow evolution of his heart in his chest, a little bit faster now, a little bit heavier. It scares him a little, but he swallows that feeling and nods his head."Be safe going home," he manages to say, and Lance flashes a grin and walks out of the front door into the night. Keith watches as they get into a black car and drive away, and then closes the door and leans against it heavily."I'm trying to decide how much shit I want to give you, versus how much I still want to be involved in this whole thing," Pidge says thoughtfully."Shut up," Keith says, covering his face with his hands. He feels like he's hurtling towards a cliff, a mixture of adrenaline and worry coursing through his veins. He wonders if he's making the right decisions -- he wonders if there is a right decision. All he can think of are Lance's earnest eyes and his confident smile. He can't decide if he's terrified or thrilled."Are you okay, dude?" Pidge asks, shuffling off of the couch with their bag, slinging it over their shoulder. "You know I'm just teasing, I think he's cool. They all are." They step close and nudge his shoulder with theirs, although their height means they just sort of bump his arm. "And I'm not too worried about anything going wrong when there's royalty involved.""I know," Keith says, lowering his hands and quirking his mouth at them. "I'm fine.""Sure," Pidge says skeptically. "Tell Shiro bye for me, see you in the morning." They push their way through the door as well, turning around and saluting him sardonically."Bye Pidge," he says, saluting back. "Be careful.""I've got a taser," Pidge says, and then flashes a grin in the darkness and walks off. Keith watches them for a moment, and then closes the door and steels himself. He straightens his shoulders and makes his way towards Shiro's room, hesitating only briefly before he knocks on the door.  "That sounds incredible," Nyma says, far too pleased for a Monday morning, and Keith flips her off when she dissolves into laughter. "He just walked in on you guys? Totally unaware?""It wasn't that bad," Keith says exasperatedly. "We talked later and he was fine, it just took him by surprise. You know how Shiro is.""Sure," Shiro says in his ear, making Keith jump in place and spin around to face him. A volley of curse words spew out of his mouth before he can stop himself, which makes Nyma laugh harder and Shiro break into a grin. "Sorry, did I take you by surprise?" Shiro asks innocently."No," Keith says, crossing his arms."Okay," Shiro says. "I assume we'll be having visitors again today?""Yes," Pidge says, busy tinkering with espresso maker. "Probably around noon. Are you wanting to give him the third degree? A shovel talk?""There's nothing to talk  about," Keith snaps."Just curious," Shiro says, holding up his hands. "I just thought I might ask if he had any ideas about that drink for Princess Allura. A flavor that suits her or that she prefers.""I'll ask him," Keith says, glaring at Pidge out of the corner of his eye. They unrepentantly smirk at him and resume pulling on what is hopefully a nonessential wire."Thank you," Shiro says, patting Keith's shoulder and grinning. Keith feels himself relenting, dropping his shoulders and his crossed arms. "Let me know if you guys need anything.""Will do, boss," Nyma says. When Shiro is in the back, Nyma looks at them with raised eyebrows. "So Shiro doesn't know about all of the conspiracy theory war stuff?""He doesn't need to get involved," Keith says, pinning her with a look. She shrugs her shoulders at him and he sighs. "Shiro likes to solve things the right way -- through the right channels, with the right people. He wouldn't approve of taking matters into our own hands like this.""He might if he knew all of the circumstances," Nyma says. "But hey, I'm not involved. There's nothing for me to tell.""We haven't done anything yet," Keith says. "Maybe. Pidge might have done a little bit of something.""Something that no one can reliably pin on me," Pidge agrees. "Barely anything.""I'm not involved," Nyma singsongs, going to load up the sugar packets and the napkins.Keith sighs. The last week, every morning has dragged on so long that he almost feels like time has frozen, which was never the case before. Even during the rush, Keith finds himself checking the door, or distracted wondering what Lance is doing, if he's okay. He realizes with a jolt that tomorrow will make it a week since the first time he met Lance, back when he was just a mysterious stranger in sunglasses.A week seems too short a time for the feelings churning in his gut, for the exhilaration and anxiety that are attached to the number in his phone. Keith has always been impulsive -- he used to get into trouble for wandering off of school property during recess to go exploring, and he's used to coming home to disappointed looks from Shiro because he couldn't keep from mouthing off to teachers in school. This is a different impulse altogether, something Keith isn't used to feeling.He's worrying his lower lip between his teeth when the bell chimes, and Lance walks in, talking to Shay who's just behind him. He glances up at Keith, still midsentence.They lock eyes and Lance smiles and Keith is helpless. He smiles back."Good morning," Lance says. He casts his glance around the empty room and says, "Are you ready for some espionage?""I don't think that's the right word for it," Keith tells him. "Are you guys ordering?""Obviously," Lance says. "I think I'm addicted to coffee now. Yesterday was so difficult to get through -- it was definitely more boring than being here."Keith rolls his eyes and accepts the exact change Lance offers him while Pidge starts on their drinks. "You got to try on clothes and stuff. I would have thought that was fun.""Well, okay, that part was fun," Lance admits. "But there was a lot more boring bits than good ones.""Did you guys talk any about how to get into the building?" Pidge asks, sliding the cups his way. Lance picks up his latte and takes a sip, sighing happily."A little," he says. "I think we're going to have to go straight to Zarkon's office, which is probably going to be difficult. There's round the clock security, even though the office technically closes at six. There's metal detectors and a sign in downstairs, and all of the public figure offices are on the third and fourth floor. Second floor is administrative stuff, so there shouldn't be anyone on that floor." He pauses, taking another drink. "There might be cameras though. We don't quite know yet.""Will there be people in their offices on the third or fourth floors?" Keith asks."There shouldn't be, but some people do stay late. I've noticed the assistant to the secretary of the treasury lingering until as late as eight. A few others stay past closing but not too often. The night shift for security in the lobby is pretty lax, actually, there's only four or five people on ground floor, but we think that's because they have a really strong security system. Automatic locks on doors, alarms, motion detectors." He makes a face. "Hunk is working on whether or not it's possible to get into the building off the roof or something.""How would you get to the roof?" Keith asks."Grappling hook," Lance says, grinning."You will not," Shay calls from the table, frowning at him. "Hunk, really.""It's just an idea," Hunk says, covering her hand with his own. "Completely theoretical. Totally.""What's theoretical?" Shiro says, popping through the door from the back with his mug in hand. Lance is the one who jumps a little this time, although he recovers more quickly than Keith had. "Are you okay?""Fine," Lance says, smiling weakly."We were talking about the drink for Princess Allura," Nyma says smoothly. "They were giving us ideas for the flavors that she would like in a tribute drink for her coronation."It only takes Lance a moment of furrowed brows to follow Nyma's lead, and he says, "Yes, I was saying that she would really love something with a really unique flavor, maybe something with rose or lavender? Those are her favorite kinds of teas.""Rose," Shiro says thoughtfully. "That might be doable. I know she likes the color pink, maybe I could make a rose-flavored latte that's pink...maybe some other flavor to balance it out..." He trails off, running his thumb over his lower lip in concentration."You'll think of something," Keith says supportively. He glances at Lance, who looks relieved."Thank you for the help," Shiro says, smiling. "I was just refilling my cup." He pours himself more coffee, leaving it black, and heads back to his office, still looking thoughtful. Keith lets out a breath and Lance cracks a grin."Stellar espionage," Nyma says dryly."I have had doubts from the beginning, but they have multiplied immensely," Shay says, prompting Hunk to laugh and Lance to break into a pout."It'll be fine," Lance says nonchalantly."I've got some ideas for how to get into building," Pidge says. "And I think I can circumvent some of the security measures.""Can I have your number? I've got some gear that might help," Hunk says, coming up to the counter and handing his phone over to Pidge, who nods as they grab it and start tapping. "It would be easier to coordinate if we had all of our resources pooled somewhere.""I've got loads of programs that work on security cameras, although the motion detectors might be a bit trickier to confuse," Pidge says."I've got security contacts," Shay says. "And experience with planning operations like this.""I'm a prince?" Lance says tentatively."I'm a normal person," Keith says."We can work more specifics out later," Hunk says hastily, taking his phone back from Pidge. "If we're still committed to doing this.""I am," Lance says firmly. "I think it's got to happen, and the sooner the better. I don't want to risk something happening to Allura before then.""Okay," Hunk says, looking resigned for a moment and then straightening up. "Then we're in this together. I guess I'll keep looking over the blueprints with Shay for right now, Lance." He grabs the drinks that Pidge made for him and Shay and heads back to the table and sits down, this time next to Shay, who immediately leans against his arm and smiles at him.Lance shows no signs of following him, choosing to lean against the counter and look with interest at all of the machines behind Pidge."Aren't you gonna go sit with them?" Keith asks before he can stop himself."I've been coming here for a week and I haven't thought about trying anything different," Lance says. "What do you recommend?""I don't actually like coffee," Keith says, which prompts Lance into laughter. "It's not like I dislike it," he amends. "I just prefer less bitter flavors. I drink the tea that we offer mostly.""What do you recommend?" Lance asks, leaning closer.Keith doesn't know how long they talk, about drinks and then books and then school and then sports, on and off as customers come in. Lance lingers around the front counter, sipping from his latte, accepting a refill from Pidge without stopping in the middle of a story about the time he got lost once while he was in Paris and had to nervously stumble his way through a conversation with high school French. Hunk and Shay interject from time to time, correcting a fact or objecting to Lance's creative retelling of stories, but for the most part it's Lance just talking to Keith while the rest of the world spins on around them. Keith tells Lance about growing up with Shiro, about ice cream for dinner and the thousands of cups of coffee he's sipped from, about his soccer team and the games they'd won this year, about the first time he read Nancy Drew. It's the most he's ever really talked with anyone without feeling nervous, except for Shiro.It's almost three in the afternoon before Hunk interrupts Lance mid-story (about the time he was braiding Allura's hair and refused to stop even when an important document needed signing right away) and says, "We should probably head back.""Oh," Lance says, straightening up. He had been toying with a napkin on the counter as he spoke, twirling it across the surface, closer and closer to Keith's arm. Keith also stands up, flushing a little. "I lost track of time," Lance says, a little guiltily. The tips of his ears are red."No prob," Hunk says, waving a hand. "I can catch you up. It was mostly just memorizing layouts and Shay suggesting blind spots to me. Then we kinda goofed off and started watching videos on my phone.""Cool," Lance says, still a little pink. "Just -- give me a second." Hunk nods and goes back to gather up his things, which leaves Keith at the counter with Lance, who meets his eyes somewhat sheepishly."I didn't meant to spend so much time talking," he says."I did too," Keith points out, and Lance smiles, a slow curve of his mouth that transforms his face into something soft and beautiful. Keith's stomach squirms happily."See you tomorrow?" he asks, already knowing the answer but wanting to hear Lance confirm it."Tomorrow," Lance agrees. He reaches out and taps Keith's hand, still resting on the counter, with the napkin. "Serious stuff tomorrow.""Of course," Keith agrees, grinning. Lance points a finger at him and walks backwards towards Shay and Hunk, somehow managing to not trip over his own feet.Keith watches them leave, watches Lance glance back at him before they leave sight through the windows, only turning to look at Nyma and Pidge once they're completely gone. Nyma looks amused as usual, and Pidge looks somewhere between delighted and mortified."You  really  like him," Pidge says. "I don't think I've ever heard you talk that much.""We've known each other for like four years and I've never heard that one story from you about Shiro forgetting you at the grocery store when you were thirteen," Nyma adds."I just -- he's easy to talk to," Keith says defensively."Sure," Pidge says. "And also easy to  like, apparently.""Leave him be, Pidge," Nyma says, waving a hand. "You should know by now how Keith works.""And how is that?" Keith asks sardonically.Nyma smiles; it's a smile he's used to by now, but it's no less infuriating. That smile that says she knows things he doesn't yet, that she's always four or five steps ahead. "You'll get there in the end."He doesn't have anything to say to that. Pidge softens the blow by putting a cup of tea in front of him, and he sips it slowly, savoring the flavor and trying not to let his thoughts turn to princes or plots for the rest of the day.  The group meets up continuously over the next few days, but time restrictions in Lance's schedule mean they're shorter meetings than usual, so Pidge connects them to a secure group chat to discuss more aspects of the proposed infiltration. Keith doesn't have much to contribute, and Hunk and Pidge easily surpass them talking about technical aspects of taking control of cameras or rerouting alarms, so Keith finally gathers his courage one evening and texts Lance's number. I was starting to wonder if you'd lost it, Lance texts back nearly immediately.Keith flushes and says,  I had it in my phone this whole time.
 And yet you took so long! 

 Better late than never? 
 Very true, Lance says, and sends him a winking emoji. Keith lowers his face to his pillow to smother his smile.They text early into the morning, until Keith is yawning wide enough that his jaw cracks and he realizes he has only about four hours until he has to be awake for work. Lance apologizes for keeping him up, and only teases him about the dark circles under his eyes a little bit later. Keith can't even be annoyed that Lance, by contrast, looks as fresh and bright as ever.During the day, Lance crowds around the front counter when he’s not with Hunk and Shay, playing with the napkin dispenser, quizzing Keith on stars and constellations, asking endless questions about Keith’s life.(“If you were writing a book, what would you write?” he asks, spinning his empty cup between his fingertips on the counter, his ring flashing in the midafternoon sunshine. Keith is almost too distracted watching it to answer, but then he thinks about it.“The book you were making up sounds pretty good,” Keith admits, absently fiddling with the pen they keep next to the register. There are marks all over his fingertips from where he’s been flipping it between his fingers, trying to dispel his nervous energy.“I can see you writing an action/mystery drama,” Lance says, grinning. “Would you write the romance?”Keith crosses his arms, smirking at Lance. “I bet I’d write a better romance than you guys would have.”Lance gapes at him, affronted. “Hey, I’m a romantic guy!” he protests.“And I’m not?” Keith asks challengingly.“I dunno,” Lance says, glancing up and down his body, making Keith flush. “I haven’t seen any evidence yet.”“Ugh,” Pidge says from the other side of the counter. “I have evidence of how gross you both are, and so let's stop.”)At night, they text each other; Keith messages him while he’s making dinner, or while he’s washing dishes, or while he curls up on the couch with Shiro watching the news. He stays up later than he has since he started working at the ship, even though it means losing precious hours of sleep, just to hear what Lance has to say.(You’re on the news, Keith texts him, watching a news anchor show older footage of Lance making a little girl laugh by doing a poor job of juggling. The anchor is mentioning that Lance, usually so active in the public light during his free summers, has been strangely absent from the spotlight this summer, and speculates that he’s resting and relaxing before the coronation. I know, Lance says, sending an emoji rolling its eyes.  That footage is super old. Yeah, nice hair, Keith sends, looking at the gelled up spikes of Lance hair, comparing it to the way messy soft fall of his hair now. Like you can talk, Lance sends, and then quickly sends a kissy face emoji before Keith can be offended.)The whole week goes on this way, conversations spinning out into topics that span their entire lives and interests, until on Friday night, Keith looks up from his phone to see Shiro watching him from his desk with a strange expression on his face. He looks like he's trying to figure out a puzzle, head tilted slightly, mouth pursed and brow furrowed.  "What?" Keith asks, lowering his phone into his lap."Nothing," Shiro says, smiling a little. When Keith gives him an unconvinced look, he laughs. "I'm just -- I'm glad you're enjoying yourself. That you've made new friends."Keith frowns at him. "I had friends before. You've met them.""Yeah," Shiro says, shrugging. "But this feels different. You never talked to them as much, or about them as much. Not even that last guy you had a crush on.""Takashi," Keith says plaintively, "We agreed not to bring him up again.""Yeah, well, we also agreed not to leave the milk cartons empty in the fridge, and I know someone who’s been slacking on that rule, so suck it up." Shiro raises an eyebrow at him when he scoffs, grinning, but then he sobers quickly. "Hey, seriously. You're good, right?"Keith looks at his brother, so calm and familiar, his entire family in one person, and has to swallow the urge to spill everything at once -- this insane plot of theirs, the possibility that the princess's life might be in danger, his overflowing feelings for Lance that only grow every day, all of it scarier and bigger than he ever thought. He's grown so used to running to Shiro for everything -- skinned knees, silent comfort, advice on school and boys and everything in between.But this isn't his secret to tell, and the further away Shiro is from everything, the better. Keith deliberately keeps his hands at his sides and says, looking directly at Shiro, "Everything is good. Really." And then, because he feels guilty not sharing everything, he says, "I think you would -- you'd like him, if you got to talk to him. He reminds me of mom."Shiro blinks at him, and then laughs softly. "That's scary," he teases. Keith scowls at him, and Shiro laughs again, louder. "I'll make some more time and get to know him," he says. Keith settles back into the couch, satisfied. "Hey, you can head home without me," Shiro says, settling his hands back at his keyboard. "I'm probably going to be here another hour or so."Keith glances at his phone, which is nearly dead, and grimaces. "Yeah, I'll head home. I'll start dinner. Is spaghetti okay with you?""Since it's one of three meals between us that we can cook without burning anything, yes," Shiro says, waving a hand at him. "Go on, enjoy your youth while you can.""Will do, old man," Keith says, grinning. He gathers up his things and checks his phone one last time (it's on 14%, and there's a message from Lance complaining that the palace security detail is on him constantly about where he is nowadays, and what he's doing). He fires off a text saying he'll contact him when he's home in order to conserve power, and heads out of the back door, since the front is already locked down. He's almost to the end of the alley and back onto the street when he hears a noise, something shifting, maybe clothes sliding against each other, or someone taking a step against the pavement. The hairs on the back of his neck stand up.He peers into the darkness, trying to discern anything but gloom. "Lance?" he calls, even though he knows where Lance is right now, even though there's a tugging at the back of his mind, telling him there's something wrong. "Hello?" He takes a step further into the alley again, clutching his bag closer to him, telling himself it's just an alley cat, or a rat, or someone throwing away their own garbage.He only has time to turn back around and face the street again before someone grabs him and everything goes dark.  Keith wakes up to an argument, hushed voices scraping against his ringing ears and the ugly headache making space behind his forehead."You weren't supposed to grab him," someone whispers heatedly. "And you shouldn't have brought him  here ." It sounds like an older woman, but Keith can't be sure. Everything is dark, and for a moment he's terrified he's blind, but then he feels something shift against his face and realizes he's been blindfolded. The awkward fold of his arms and the way his wrists hurt tell him he's also bound, but he can't really feel his hands that well. His feet are also stuck together, with something thin and sharp, like a zip tie."We need the prince, our future plans hinge on him being part of our image," someone with a deeper voice argues. "He's been looking into things he shouldn't, this kid is as good a reason as any to make him keep his toe in line.""And bringing him  here? " the first voice questions, barely concealed fury."It was closest, and we're well known here -- it's not suspicious for us to be here, or to use the back entrance," the other voice says. "This is just a holdover. We're not keeping him, he won't know who took him. This is just to prove to McClain that we're not fucking around, that he needs to do as we say. Did you think we were gonna ask him pretty please to be the smiling face of our campaign and he'd say yes? We want him to keep the people docile and unquestioning of our authority, he's a necessary facet of all of this, we need him to know we're not messing around.""I know, imbecile, I'm the one who suggested him because of how popular he is among the people. But I thought we would keep him as in the dark as possible about our--""He already knows," the other voice interrupts. "We've been having him followed the last few days, and there's no doubt he's been digging into what we've been working on. It might have already reached the princess.""She hasn't behaved any differently since Prorok got caught," the woman says. "And I keep an eye on her, she trusts me.""It doesn't really matter what she suspects. She'll be dead in a few days anyways. We just can't have some snot-nosed kid and a bunch of his friends drawing attention to us. This will make him shut up.""Allura is his cousin," the woman says. "You think he'll sell her out for this kid he's known less than two weeks?""I think this is his boyfriend. He's been at the coffee shop he works at for the last two weeks, the prince's number is in his phone. I read their messages -- this kid is important to him. At the very least, I think it'll make him second guess himself enough to give us our chance," the man says. "That's all we need.""I don't like any of this," the woman says. "This wasn't what I planned--""Zarkon will have his kingdom," the man says. "That's been our entire plan. Anything that gets us to that goal is what we need to do.""What are we supposed to do with this kid though?" the woman asks. "He's going to know something happened. He's got family.""I texted the prince from the kid's phone. He knows he's been taken. From here it's just waiting to see if he'll be compliant with our wishes and keep his mouth shut. If he does, we drop this kid off in front of his house with him none the wiser about who we are, and the prince knows what we're willing to do if he says anything, and that we're always watching him and those he associates with. He'll have no choice. And with him as our mouthpiece, we'll keep public support well into Zarkon's rule." The man sounds confident; Keith can tell he’s grinning darkly even though he can’t see his face.He stays completely still, mind racing, trying to think past the pounding in his skull. Most of him is furious, at these people, at their plans, at the sheer fucking gall of being so brazen, to talk about killing the princess and manipulating Lance as if they were items ticked off of a to do list. The rest of him is worried -- because of course Lance wouldn't listen to them. Keith has only known Lance a little while, but he knows his heart -- he knows the kind of courage and determination that moves him, knows that Lance would never in a million years sacrifice his cousin or his country, not even for Keith. Which means Keith, and maybe even Shiro, or Pidge, or anyone connected to them, is in trouble.He's really fucked up.He'd never considered being noticed this way. He'd never thought he might be considered important to Lance. And now he's probably going to get killed, and maybe get his brother killed. And the worst thing is, he doesn't  want  Lance to give in to them. He wants Lance to do what's right, because it's what's right for everyone. He just hopes Lance does something to keep Shiro and Pidge safe.He takes a moment to selfishly wish, though, that he won't die tonight."Are we just leaving him here?" the woman asks."Yeah," the guy says. "No one will be here tonight, he'll be unconscious for at least another few hours, and by then the prince will have given in and made his promises. He's just some kid. He'll be out of our hair until we need him.""I hope you're right," the woman says darkly. "This could blow up in all of our faces. Especially if this brat says anything.""He won't," the man says confidently. "I'll make sure the prince knows that we're watching all of his friends very closely."There's some shuffling around, and then the woman says, farther away, "You can stay here with him, since this is your plan. I'm going to update Zarkon and make sure we're still ready to move forward.""Fine," the man says. "I'll call you with updates."There's another shuffling noise, and then some thudding as someone walks across the floor, then a door closing. Keith closes his eyes and tries to think about what he can do. He doesn't want to draw attention to himself, but the idea of sitting here waiting quietly is making him itchy -- he wants to stand up, to fight, to do  something. All he has on his side at the moment is the element of surprise, since they were expecting him to still be unconscious, but what good was that when he couldn't move and didn't know where he was?There are more shuffling noises, the soft tapping noise of someone using a phone or tablet, and then someone sighs. Keith lays as still as he can, swallowing his frustration, dying to do anything but unable to think of something he could do while the guy was still here. After an interminable amount of time in which he counts the pounding beat of his own heart about five hundred times, the guy shifts in his chair and murmurs, "What in the world--"Keith listens as hard as he can, and faintly hears a soft humming noise, followed by something thunking outside of whatever room he’s in. A chair scrapes and there are more footsteps, moving away from him, and then all of a sudden, a loud crash and someone swearing under their breath very quickly. The sound of electricity and a thud of a body hitting the floor makes Keith freeze in place, mind racing, trying to figure out if he should make himself known or not -- this could be his only chance, or he could make things worse for himself.After a moment of hard breathing, someone whispers, "Keith?"It’s Lance, and Keith finally lets his body loosen, wriggling in place as hard as he can, trying to sit up despite the hands behind his back and his tied ankles. "Over here," he says, his voice scratchy and weak. Someone makes a relieved noise and several people hurry in his direction at once. Keith has just managed to get up onto his knees when someone grabs his arms and holds him up, touching him carefully along the wrists."Shay," Lance whispers, "Do you have a knife? Or are there scissors on a desk, something, his wrists--""On it," Shay whispers. Someone tugs at the blindfold and loosens it, and Keith finds himself squinting into the dim lighting of an office with only a desk lamp on. On the floor next to the door is a huge man, unmoving and unconscious, and Shay moves behind the desk, digging through its drawers. He can see shadowy movement in the doorway to the hallway that looks like Hunk; for a moment, Keith thinks he’s whispering to himself, until he spots an earpiece in his ear. He looks back to the person holding him up, fingers gentle despite the nearly incandescent fury on his face. Lance is looking back at him, his eyes storm clouds churning as they examine him."Are you okay?" he asks, touching Keith's face, his throat, his shoulder. His hands are moving nonstop over Keith's entire body, catching on his ribs and elbows, like he’s checking to make sure everything is still there. "Keith, say something, are you--""I'm fine," Keith croaks. "How long--""About three hours," Lance says shortly. "I texted your brother, I didn't tell him exactly what we were doing but I gave him Allura's secure line and told him to contact her as soon as possible--""Is everyone okay?" Keith asks, "Pidge, are they--""They're the one who got us in here. They were so pissed off, Keith, I've never seen someone so small get so upset," Lance says. "They did something with the security system to make it seem like we weren't even here, even though it’ll probably leave traces, and Shay found out about this secret entrance that the members use when they're trying not to be noticed, and I tased that fucking--""Why did you -- you broke in to get me?" Keith asks, dazed. Shay finally makes a triumphant noise and came to cut Keith's ties with a pair of scissors, and he straightens his limbs with a hissing noise. Lance makes a sympathetic sound as well, taking Keith's hands and rubbing gently at the red marks on his wrists. He looks wretched, closing his eyes."Keith, of course I did. Like I'm gonna let some asshole tell me what to do -- I would never not come for you." Lance opens his eyes and briskly reaches down to rub at the marks on Keith's ankles as well, clearly trying to help get the feeling back into them. His face is set with anger and worry, his hair messy and sticking up on the ends."He thought you would be too afraid to fight back," Keith says. "I heard them -- they thought you'd be too desperate to get me back to argue, and they wanted -- they were going to use you as the face of their whole movement. Because the people love you so much." Lance's face is surprised in the half-light, and then goes dark. "They were going to blackmail you to make sure you did what they wanted." Keith looks at his hands, flexing them, watching Lance's brown hands go still on his ankles. "They didn't know you very well," Keith murmurs."I'm glad we'd already had these plans ready to go," Shay says quietly. "Otherwise I'm not sure we could have gotten to you."Keith blinks. "Wait, are you guys -- what about all of the information--"Lance opens his mouth to say something and all of them hear a commotion from the end of the hallway outside of the office they're in. Hunk's eyes widen and he rushes into the room, almost tripping over the unconscious man. Shay immediately moves in front of all of them, her face set with concentration."Shay, it's--" Hunk starts to say, but before he can finish, a woman strides into the room, her bright hair a tumbled mess, her expression thunderous, followed closely by a man with a bright orange mustache."Allura!" Lance exclaims, standing up immediately. Keith stares in shock as the princess glowers at him, crossing the room in two steps and grabbing him by the ear. She’s shorter than he is, but she looms over him when he bends to meet her."Lance, you absolute idiot," Allura says loudly, "What in the world have you been doing?" He yelps as she tugs on his ear for emphasis, and then again as she lets go to hug him tightly. "I'm so glad you're okay," she whispers in his ear. Lance's arms go around her waist and he buries his face in her shoulder briefly."I'm sorry, Allura," Lance says quietly. "I was trying to keep you safe.""That's not your responsibility," she says, frowning again as she pulls away to glare at him. "When Coran told you about his suspicions, that was not an invitation to do your own looking around. It certainly wasn't an invitation for you to involve citizens and plot some ridiculous heist.""No explosions though," Hunk points out, which makes Allura turn her frown on him, and has him edging back behind Shay."I didn't mean for Keith to--" Lance begins, but someone pushes behind the man with the mustache -- it's Shiro, out of breath and slightly frantic, and he makes eye contact with Keith and immediately lunges for him."I'm okay, Takashi," Keith says quickly, trying to brace, but Shiro grabs him and hauls him up and into his arms, hugging him tightly with his left arm and burying his other in Keith's hair. "I'm fine," he repeats, even though his voice shakes a little. Shiro doesn't say anything, just holds Keith closely. His breath is ragged in Keith's ear, a harsh in and out exhalation."Shiro contacted me," Allura says, smiling slightly as she watches them. "He said you'd given him my number and that it was an emergency, and that he thought you were breaking into the Hall of Lions because something had happened to his brother." She turns her gaze back to Lance. "Why hadn't you come to me with any of this, Lance, especially if you'd found something that prompted all of this?""We didn't have anything that wasn't circumstantial," Lance says, looking abashed. "I knew that there wasn't anything you could do, and with your coronation so close--""Your safety is more important," Allura interrupts. "My citizens' safety is more important. I would have found a way, Lance.""I thought--" Shiro murmurs in Keith's ear, seemingly not hearing the other conversation. "I was so afraid." Keith's eyes prickle hotly at the corners and he closes them quickly, swallowing hard. It's hard not to think of himself, only ten years old, watching his babysitter pace back and forth on the phone for hours trying to find answers, waiting with trepidation like a physical weight in his gut until they finally figured out which hospital Shiro was at. He hates that Shiro had to feel anything like that. He has to breathe for a few moments before he can find words again."I'm sorry, Shiro," Keith says quietly, just for him to hear. Shiro pulls away, sighing loudly, scrubbing a hand over his face."You're gonna be in so much trouble when I can feel my legs again," Shiro says. Contrary to his words, he stands up and pulls Keith with him. "The security downstairs has already called the police," Shiro tells Allura who nods at him."I'm having this entire building locked down," Allura says. "I don't know exactly who was involved -- if Sendak is part of this," she says, indicating the man on the floor, "then I have an idea of who may be behind this. But we'll have to take statements and examine as much as possible about what else might be here.""A woman," Keith says, drawing everyone's attention. "Earlier, he was talking to someone, while they thought I was still unconscious. It sounded like an older woman. She said you trusted her, Princess Allura.""Haggar," the man with the mustache says, looking sharply at Allura, who scowls. "She's been involving herself more and more in the discussions about Galra," Coran adds. "It makes sense.""I should have known," Allura says, almost to herself. "That it would be her. She's always been hovering on the edges, she's made no pretenses about her feelings about the sanctions--""Allura," Lance says, "Zarkon is involved too."Her eyes widen in shock; her dark skin flushes, and her fists clench at her sides. "You're sure?" she says tightly. "Absolutely sure, Lance?""Not absolutely," Lance admits. "That's what we came here to confirm. But there was an email Pidge found that looks bad." He stands next to Keith and hovers at his side, one hand carefully touching his elbow. "Can we -- can we get them out of here? Keith needs to go to the hospital.""I'm not hurt," Keith protests. "I don't need to go to the hospital.""Your wrists and ankles are hurt, and you don't know what they used to knock you out," Lance argues. "You should get checked out at the very least--""Alright," Allura says loudly. "Lance, please accompany him to the hospital -- tell them you're there under my orders and take some of my security team with you to keep an eye on him. Shay, please stay with him. Hunk, you need to get this Pidge person here as soon as possible and you two will help me fill in the gaps of what happened here tonight, understood?""Yes, your majesty," Hunk says. Shay bows her head deeply and gestures to Lance, whose grip tightens on Keith."Shiro," Allura says, drawing his attention. She pushes her messy hair off of her forehead, and Keith realizes for the first time that she's wearing an overlarge t-shirt and mismatched socks; she must have gotten dressed in a hurry, but she looks regal enough to lead a war even with the large cartoon cats on her chest. "It was very nice to meet you," she says, smiling softly. "Thank you for contacting me. This might have turned out very differently."Shiro smiles weakly back at her, gripping Keith’s shoulder tightly. "It was nice to meet you too, your majesty. Thank you, for making sure my brother is taken care of.""I'll meet you all at the hospital later, I'm sure," Allura says. "There will be many, many questions. Keith, please get some rest and take care of Lance for me?"Keith startles a little at her steady gaze, but nods. Lance tugs him slightly, and they head out of the room, past a dozen guards who are on radios or phones, who stare at them as they pass by but say nothing. Keith lets out a breath he didn't know he was holding when they step into the darkness of night, breathing in the cool, fresh air. The moon is full in the sky, casting a pale light over the four of them.There's already a dark vehicle out front waiting to pick them up, and Lance gets into it after Shay nods at him, gesturing for Keith to follow. Shiro crowds his other side, and Shay sits up front with the driver, murmuring instructions to him. Sitting down, Keith is suddenly overcome with exhaustion -- his head is aching faintly again, and the blood in his veins pulses hotly in his wrists."It's okay to rest," Lance says quietly. "I'll wake you up."Keith wants to argue with him, but his eyes are already closing, and the last thing he's really aware of is Lance taking his hand with his own and squeezing softly.  Keith pours the steamed milk carefully, but it still won't form a heart. Pidge snorts, and he glares at them, scowling at the messy swirl in the middle of his espresso. "Weren't you inventing some sort of robot to do this for me?""It's good for you to learn how to do it yourself," Pidge says, unsympathetic.It's another Wednesday, a few days after everything. Keith had been released from the hospital after a few hours of observation and straight into a police station to give his statement; Lance had stayed at his side the entire time, but he hadn't held his hand again. After Shiro had insisted on taking Keith home, as the sun was rising over the horizon in bright golds and oranges, Lance had smiled and told him, "I'll see you, Keith."It had been four days since then, and Keith hadn't heard anything from Lance, or anyone else. Shiro had kept the shop closed on Saturday, both of them barely conscious at that point -- they'd slept the day away and then slept most of the night as well, waking up on Sunday. By that point, Shiro was ready for his explanation, and Keith haltingly spilled everything out that had happened, having to stop several times for Shiro to cover his face with his hands and breathe. Shiro had grounded him for the rest of summer, and then hugged him for a solid five minutes, and then made them mom's favorite chocolate chip cookies, the ones they only baked on special occasions.Monday had meant answering questions from Nyma, who had apparently only heard bits and pieces from Shiro when told why the shop wasn't open on Saturday, and Pidge, who had apparently been simultaneously chastised and grudgingly praised for their technical skills by the security team who handled the building. Keith kept looking at his phone, waiting for something, anything -- a hello, an explanation, an emoji if Lance was unable to offer anything else. The media was reporting that there had been a break in at the Hall of Lions, and that there were several people in custody for questioning, but for the most part it seemed that things were locked down, and Pidge was explicitly forbidden from fanning the flames in online forums.Keith waited all day and most of the night Monday, but there was nothing. Around midnight he hesitantly texted Lance (I hope you're okay) and then threw his phone across his bed and tried to sleep, finally drifting off around two in the morning."I'm sure things are just really busy," Nyma assured him the next morning, when his phone informed him that his message hadn't even been received. "Restructuring your government probably takes time.""Lance isn't involved in any of that," Pidge says absently, toying with some kind of circuit board with a furrowed brow. "He's a student, remember?""Pidge," Nyma says through gritted teeth. "You're not helping.""It's fine," Keith says shortly. "I'm sure he's just -- he's busy." Nyma makes a face but doesn't say anything, patting his shoulder gently. Keith tries to smile at her, but he's not sure if it comes out right.Part of Keith wonders if Lance's parting words had just been an empty promise -- maybe Lance had realized just how different they were, how silly it was to try and involve himself with someone like Keith. It wasn't like they were -- it wasn't like they'd even  been  together. Lance didn't owe him anything, really, and Keith had been the one to pull away in the kitchen that one night, so it wasn't like Keith had been clear either.Wednesday he woke up determined to put the whole thing, Lance included, out of his mind. All it was doing was robbing him of his sleep and the remainder of his summer break, limited as he was right now, considering all he was allowed to do was go between work and home, Shiro escorting him both ways.He'd volunteered to learn how to actually make some of the drinks to pass the slow period of the morning, since all he knew were basics. Pidge had explained to him that most of the drinks were made up of the same three ingredients added in different orders, but part of him still hesitated picking ingredients. He'd accidentally added two different syrups to the same drink, two completely different flavors that made Nyma actually stick her tongue out in disgust when she'd finished swallowing, which had made Pidge laugh so hard they'd snorted.They'd moved on to practicing the latte art again, since he pretty much knew how to make a latte at this point. Pidge had showed him different designs they'd been practicing, then showed him how to do the heart again, but he couldn't get it. He couldn't focus on getting the right amounts, too distracted by the sight of people passing in front of the shop, hoping despite himself to glimpse someone tall and dark, someone with a smile that lit up an entire room, someone--"Keith," Pidge says, "You're spilling the milk."Keith jerks and straightens the cup, but not in time to stop the milk from going all over the counter. Pidge grabs napkins quickly, but is unable to stop it from hitting the floor as well -- it splatters up the sides of the counter and all over Keith's shoes, hot enough still that he can feel it seeping through."Great," he says dejectedly. "Perfect.""I'll grab the mop," Nyma says, flashing him a sympathetic look."It's fine," Keith says, "I made the mess, let me go grab it." Nyma frowns at him, but he doesn't linger to hear a response, pushing his way into the back. He closes his eyes in the hallway for a minute, telling himself to get it together, to stop acting this way. He'd barely known Lance -- it had been a bizarre two week relationship, if you could call it a relationship, and he shouldn't be drifting off in the middle of work just because someone wasn't texting him back.It was so  stupid. He'd never acted this way about anyone before.  Lance isn't just anyone, his brain whispers at him.He shakes his head roughly and strides to the cleaning closet, pulling a mop and bucket from it and heading to the kitchen to fill it. He tells himself to just get through the day -- he should be able to get through a day without acting like an idiot in front of his friends over some guy.The bucket sloshes as he carries it carefully back down the hallway, and when he opens the door, it's to Nyma saying coldly, "What are you doing here?"He looks up from the bucket to see Lance standing there, slightly flushed, without his hat or sunglasses or anything. There are half a dozen other people in the shop right now, who are staring wide eyed at him, whispering to the person closest to them, but Lance pays them no mind. Shay and Hunk are nowhere to be seen.The bucket drops out of Keith's hand, thankfully only spilling a little bit over the edges, but drawing Lance's attention immediately."Keith," Lance says. "Hey."He winces almost as soon as it's out of his mouth, but Nyma repeats, "Hey? " anyways, sounding outraged. "Are you serious? You couldn't even text him back but you show up out of the blue and say--""Nyma," Keith says quietly, "It's fine.""Keith," Pidge says, "Do you wanna--""Yeah," Keith replies. He gestures for Lance to follow him, because doing this in front of six strangers is the last thing he wants. Lance hesitantly follows him, giving Nyma a wide berth, until they're standing in the same hallway they had the conversation about who Lance really was in almost two weeks ago. Keith hadn’t known anything about Lance then, and now he knows Lance’s favorite ice cream flavor, the song his mother used to sing when she cooked dinner, what he looks like when he’s laughing so hard he can’t breathe. It’s still not enough.Keith leans against the wall, grounding himself, and says, "I'm glad you're okay."Lance makes a frustrated noise, stepping a little closer. "I tried to -- Keith, I promise I tried to contact you. They confiscated our phones, and we weren't allowed to leave while they figured out who was involved with Zarkon and his people, but I asked them to send you a message -- I didn't find out until today that they'd never delivered it, I swear."Keith feels his lungs expand and then contract in his chest. Every part of his body feels particularly singular right now, like he's too big for his own skin. He doesn't think he's ever felt this nervous. "Okay," he says.He looks at Lance properly for the first time, noticing his rumpled clothing, the dark circles under his eyes, the way he can't seem to settle properly, shifting from side to side. Lance looks exhausted, like he hasn't slept at all since that night.He makes that agitated noise again, reaching out and grabbing Keith's hand. "You're okay, right? Allura had people watching your house the whole weekend, but we think we've figured out everyone who was involved in the coup, so you should be okay now.""We're okay," Keith says. "Although I'm grounded until college."Lance stares at him for a long moment and then laughs. "Me too," he admits, running his free hand through his hair. "I snuck out again, Shay and Hunk are covering for me. I just -- I couldn't not talk to you."Keith's heart thumps painfully in his chest. "You didn't have to do that, I know you've got more important things to do--""Keith," Lance interrupts, looking deeply at him, "You're  important." His voice is steady, even as he flushes a deeper red; Keith's own face feels like it's on fire."Oh," Keith says, because he can't think of anything to say."I know that I'm -- I know we're different," Lance continues, squeezing his hand, flustered. "And I know I almost got you killed, and I know that we haven't known each other long, and your brother probably hates me, and your friends  definitely hate me, but -- but I really like you."The words fall thinly into the hallway, and in the silence after them, Keith can just barely hear the plinky piano coming from the speakers in the shop as a woman croons about her long lost love. Lance's chest rises and falls rapidly, like he's run a marathon -- Keith's own pulse is similarly quick, and for a moment he can't think of anything to say because all he can think is,  embarrassingly enough,  he likes me?"I--" Keith says, stumbling, "I mean I -- me too." He visibly winces at how weak his voice is, but Lance squeezes his hands tightly and smiles at him."Really?" Lance asks, "Because I know it's a lot. All of it, all of me. We wouldn't be normal, there's always going to be at least one other person with us, and I've got loads of fancy parties I have to attend, and one day I'm going to have to travel around a lot--""If I were a writer, I could write anywhere," Keith says. Lance's mouth closes audibly and he stares at Keith. Keith stares back unblinkingly."Can I kiss you?" Lance asks haltingly, and abruptly, Keith is tired of tiptoeing, of being cautious. This is Lance, the kid in sunglasses who chews his pens, the guy who teases him about his choice in books, who stays up late texting him about his favorite pets growing up. He's the same person Keith has known all along, who Keith has liked all along, and it was a mistake not to kiss him when he had the chance before. Keith doesn't plan on making the same mistake twice."Yes," Keith says, but instead of waiting, he grabs hold of Lance's shirt and tugs him down, pressing their lips together. Their noses bump, which hurts, but Lance is smiling into the kiss anyways; Keith can feel it, and he takes that as his cue to deepen the kiss. Lance presses against him until his back hits the wall, and then Lance's hand is sliding into his hair, curling around his jaw, and the kiss is stretching on and on and on, until Keith feels dizzy and flushed and has to swallow his giddy laughter.Someone coughs, and Keith's head knocks against the wall roughly as he pulls away from Lance. Their heads both jerk around to see Shiro standing outside of his office, arms crossed and unsmiling. Lance's hands drop away from him immediately and he stands up straight, fixing his shirt where Keith had been clutching it and awkwardly smoothing his hair. His mouth is still red, though, and Keith is transfixed until Shiro says, "Good morning, your highness.""Lance," Lance says, mortified. "It's just Lance, hello again, nice to meet you, sorry for--""Shiro," Keith says firmly, saving Lance from an early grave, "This is my new boyfriend. His name is Lance."Shiro frowns at him for a long moment, and Keith tries to convey every ounce of emotion he can to his brother, calling on every silent conversation they've ever had to get his meaning across. Shiro raises his eyebrows and then sighs, resigned."It's nice to meet you, Lance. Keith is very grounded right now, but I'm sure we can work something out," Shiro says dryly. "Maybe.""Thank you," Lance chokes out."Keith, you should head back up front," Shiro says. "Please fix your hair though." He gives Keith a pointed look and then heads back into his office, although Keith is sure he's listening at the door still.Keith scowls at his brother but runs his hands through his hair quickly, glancing at Lance. "Are you gonna be okay to go back out there? I think some people recognized you.""I'll call Hunk to come get me," Lance says, pulling his phone out and tapping at it. It's a different phone, an older cheap model, and after a few long minutes fussing with the keyboard, he manages to type the message out. "Shay found us some old burner phones to use while ours are confiscated. I would have texted you with this, but I didn't remember your number, and I thought you knew what was going on." He grimaces. "I should have known Coran would be too cautious to actually let stuff go out of the palace.""It's fine," Keith assures him. "It was only a few days.""After a kidnapping and a rescue attempt that was taken over by my cousin, actual future ruler of the country, a few days is too long," Lance says. "The only thing I can say is I doubt anything like that will happen again. No promises though."Keith nudges him, and Lance nudges him back playfully. He keep glancing at Keith's lips, and Keith really wants to see just how long they can kiss before Shiro inevitably comes back out and rushes them along again, but he probably shouldn't push it right away, because he's already thinking of how to get Shiro to agree to invite Lance over to the house again."We can head out front," Lance says. "It should be okay for a few minutes. Plus, I think I'll be showing up here quite a lot in the future, and I don't want to keep wearing disguises every time I come see my  boyfriend.""Don't say a word," Keith tells him firmly. "I saved your ass back there.""True," Lance says. He grabs hold of Keith's hand and raises it, smoothly planting a kiss on his knuckles. "How can I make us even?""Make sure I don't embarrass myself in front of the new queen of my country next time I see her," Keith tells him, pushing the front door open."Done," Lance says, winking at him. "She actually asked about you a few times. It was really sweet, she's usually never interested in the guys I talk about."Keith opens his mouth to say something back but is interrupted by Pidge saying, "What took you so long?"Nyma snorts, looking them both up and down, and says, "I can take a guess.""Gross," Pidge replies. Keith lets go of Lance's hand to flip them the bird, only belatedly realizing that the rest of the people in the shop are still staring at them. Lance ducks his head a little and smiles at them, and the whispers break out again."Someone came up and asked if you were the prince," Nyma says, "and I told them you weren't cute enough to be the prince.""Ouch," Lance says, clutching his heart, giving her a wounded look."Nyma, it's fine," Keith says, giving her a look. "Lance explained, we talked everything out.""Did more than talk," Nyma says pointedly, and Keith resists the urge to try and flatten his hair more. "But okay, fine, I'll back off. But if you make Keith mopey again I don't want Shay to come after me because you'll have earned it.""Agreed," Lance says. "Speaking of, Hunk will be here soon, and I'll have to try and sneak back into the palace before someone notices Shay is guarding an empty room.""Here," Keith says, grabbing a napkin and a pen from next to the register, scribbling his number onto it. "So you'll have it now."Lance tucks it carefully into his pocket, beaming at Keith. "I'll memorize it this time.""Just text me, idiot," Keith says fondly. A car pulls up out front, the same black as all the others, and Hunk rolls down the window and gestures hurriedly at them through the glass."Guess that's me," Lance says, waving back. He looks down at Keith and hesitates, then drops a kiss onto Keith's lips quickly and heads around the counter, running out the door. "I'll text you!" he calls back, jumping into the car and blowing Keith another kiss before it pulls away."Your face, Keith," Pidge says, snickering. Keith pulls his hand away from his mouth, realizing he'd unconsciously touched his lips."Get used to this, Pidge," Nyma says dryly. "I have a feeling these two are gonna make this a long summer.""Yep," Keith says unapologetically, even though deep down, he's planning to make it much, much longer than just a summer. He turns to Pidge and gestures to the espresso machine and grabs a fresh cup. "Let me try one more time, Pidge."That night, when Lance texts him from the new phone, the first thing Keith sends him is a picture of a latte with a slightly lopsided but still recognizable heart. Lance immediately calls him, and Keith picks up just as quickly, already smiling.Jeongguk had barely made it through the door of their shared apartment when Taehyung seized his shoulders and pressed him against the corridor wall, fixing him with a gaze very familiar to Jeongguk by then, playful and charming but searingly intent, and Jeongguk distractedly let go of his bag, letting it thump to the ground at his feet, just as Taehyung leaned in to him and pressed their lips together.It would be a bit of an exaggeration to call Taehyung a god-sent miracle-working kisser, but he sure as hell came close. He got sloppy at times, when too sleepy or excited, but it was still easy, embarrassingly easy for Jeongguk to come undone from the  things he did with his tongue. But Jeon Jeongguk was nothing if not stubborn. So when Taehyung moved his lips imploringly against his own, Jeongguk let himself lift his arms to encircle the other’s waist, to feel Taehyung move under his hands through the soft fabric of his sweater - but pointedly turned his face into his very best impression of a stone wall. Taehyung let out a small whine as Jeongguk refused to respond (save to close his mouth more tightly) and redoubled his efforts.As Taehyung’s playful nips at his lips turned to earnest pressing against Jeongguk’s mouth, tongue petulantly dragging along the lower lip, pushing insistently and electrifyingly at his mouth, Jeongguk tried to hold up his pretense but soon gave in, parting his lips easily. Humming appreciatively, Taehyung wasted no time in taking the opportunity, slipping his tongue into Jeongguk’s mouth, and, oh, right,  this was why Jeongguk had trouble even looking at Taehyung’s tongue sometimes, had to glance away before his face starting heating up thinking of the way he moved it against his own, almost hypnotically rhythmic and playfully explorative and so, so, hot. All too soon, Taehyung pulled away, both of them breathless and heady and a little bit on fire, and Jeongguk leaned in for one last peck as Taehyung’s face split into a coy grin.Taehyung leaned in close to Jeongguk’s ear, breath brushing at the skin on his lobe.“Expresso double shot,” he murmured, “one pump vanilla and two pumps hazelnut, with soy milk instead of whole. No whipped cream.”Jeongguk blanched for a moment, thought back to the complex order he’d planned and placed at the nearby coffee shop, for his usual drink on the way home. Mentally compared it to what Taehyung had just said, component by component, and-“Goddammit, Kim Taehyung,” Jeongguk moaned, “I thought I’d get you with the soy.” - ☕️ - As a rule, Min Yoongi was perplexed by few things, and disinterested in most things. But his Thursday evening shifts at the coffee shop were starting to prove themselves both perplexing and interesting - just the slightest, faintest bit.When the door chimed at the expected hour and a familiar face walked in to join the queue, Yoongi couldn’t help but let out a small smile. He breezed through the next few customers, keying in orders in his typical disinterested fashion, until the man he was waiting for had made it to the counter. Looking up, Yoongi smirked.“So, Mr. Jeon,” he drawled, “what mind-boggling, system-breaking order have you got for us today?”The customer grinned toothily. “One triple shot, half-sweet, non-fat caramel Macchiato,” he paused for a moment, then added, “with five pumps vanilla.”Yoongi whistled as he keyed it in, pretending not to notice the scandalised pout that the barista on duty - Park Jimin Who Hated Thursdays, as he’d jokingly introduced himself as to the new intern - shot in Jeongguk’s direction. “Glad I’m just doing customer service," said Yoongi, as cheerily as he ever got. "You should tip our poor Jimin back there, I think he’s developing allergies to you.”Jeongguk laughed. “Sorry, I’ve got this game-challenge thing with my boyfriend. Can’t let him keep on winning, and he guesses easy orders really fast.” Then, as if realising (finally) that he’d said something strange, the young man coloured and tried to stammer out some half-assed fake explanation. But Yoongi just shrugged coolly. Passing Jeongguk his change and receipt, he bid Jeongguk and his boyfriend a good day. The customer smiled, relieved, and headed over to apologetically collect his order and tip an offended Jimin.Min Yoongi was definitely interested. - ☕️ - When Jeongguk got home that evening, and did not immediately get accosted at the door, he was confused.It wasn’t like Taehyung always greeted him with the same kissing fervor, but ever since they’d started their obscure-coffee-order-guessing-game-featuring-Taehyung’s-insane-taste-buds-and-illustrious-past-experience, Jeongguk had never once come home without some form of a Taehyung-shaped greeting (except maybe for the one time Taehyung had tried to act coy, standing right by the door but pretending he couldn’t see Jeongguk, asking  oh my how did the door open on its own? I must be hallucinating, did I eat paint by accident today, and actually doing a pretty impressive job of not kissing Jeongguk until the latter had threatened to - god forbid - drink water).“Tae?” Jeongguk called out, wondering if he was hiding, or had fallen asleep at some new creative location (which was, on that note, not unheard of for Taehyung - Jeongguk had once found him snoozing blissfully in their pile of dirty laundry, right in front of the washing machine, a pair of boxer shorts casually flung over his eyes to block out the light). But when no answering call or laugh or crashing sound came, Jeongguk frowned, confusion giving way to concern. Dropping his bag at the sofa, he started systematically checking the rooms for signs of human life, getting increasingly worried when the bedroom, bathroom and kitchen all yielded no results.It was when Jeongguk flung open the door of the storeroom, that he felt his heart freeze for a moment. Because there, on the ground, half-slumped over an old box and surrounded by an assortment of crayons (presumably spilt from the now-empty crayon box lying forlornly on its side), was Kim Taehyung, Jeongguk’s boyfriend of three years, and top supplier of all his problems. The number one problem at the moment being that said boyfriend was mysteriously unawake and face-down in their storeroom, of all places.“Hey, Tae,” said Jeongguk, crouching down and reaching out an arm to shake the other's shoulder. “Tae, wake up.”But Taehyung barely moved, squirming slightly under his touch but staying steadfastly unconscious. Jeongguk furrowed his brow, and reached out his other arm as well, to pull Taehyung up from where he’d been lying, trying to suppress the growing knot of worry in his gut. Taehyung, unhelpfully, remained completely passed out, limbs boneless and head lolling to the side like a ragdoll until Jeongguk edged closer to support it with his shoulder.And that was when Jeongguk realised Taehyung’s forehead was burning hot against his neck.Alarm immediately shot through Jeongguk’s nerves, and he wasted no time in carrying Taehyung back to their bedroom, before literally sprinting to grab the thermometer from the bathroom cabinet, and hurrying back to ascertain the extent of Taehyung’s illness. He struggled to remember the phone number for the hospital - just in case - as he waited for the reading to stabilise. 38.6 degrees celsius. Not deadly but not good. Jeongguk let out a breath, and was starting to think of how to bring Taehyung to see a doctor (was it too far to carry him? probably too far) when he noticed a telltale plastic bag, small and white and unobtrusive, with a logo proving that Taehyung had already been there, done that. Jeongguk checked the contents, feeling relief wash over him when he saw only regular cold and fever medicine, and when, upon counting the pills, he found that Taehyung had indeed taken a correct dosage. Taehyung’s phone, left strewn beside the bag, helpfully buzzed at that moment, revealing a message notification from one of Taehyung’s colleagues at the elementary school art department wishing him a “speedy recovery!”Jeongguk sighed, relieved, and stood to get a damp washcloth. Now the only question left was what the hell he’d been doing in the storeroom. As he sponged at Taehyung’s forehead, trying his damnedest to remember how his mom used to do it, Taehyung’s eyelids twitched, then fluttered open.“Hey, dummy,” Jeongguk couldn’t help but smile, bringing the washcloth down to Taehyung’s neck.Taehyung smiled drowsily at him, closing his eyes again and leaning a little towards Jeongguk’s touch."Why didn't you tell me you were sick, huh?" Jeongguk said gently, lifting his other hand to run through Taehyung's hair. "I was worried.""Didn't want to worry you," Taehyung murmured indistinctly, voice blanketed by sleep, "you were working." Jeongguk sighed.“And what were you doing in the storeroom?”“Mm,” mumbled Taehyung, “had to get crayons for the kids tomorrow. Art room doesn’t have enough colours.”Jeongguk laughed. It was impossible not to. That was Kim Taehyung for him, running a high fever and most definitely not going to work the next day and worrying about fucking  crayon colours.“You big, big idiot,” Jeongguk murmured, leaning down to kiss Taehyung’s hair. “Go to sleep. I’ll get the crayons for you.” - ☕️ - “I’ll take an, uh, triple shot, half-sweet, non-fat caramel Macchiato. With five pumps vanilla.”Yoongi raised his eyebrows. He felt like he was always raising his eyebrows when it was Jeon Jeongguk ordering at the counter. If he got forehead wrinkles prematurely he was officially making Jeongguk medically accountable. “Isn’t that the same as last week? That’s a first.”Jeongguk grinned, looking surprised that Yoongi even remembered (though that merely proved how little he understood the unforgettable pains of preparing complex coffee orders. Innocent, innocent, pure baby child. If Jimin ever really snapped and put a cockroach in his drink, Jeongguk would never be able to understand why, the poor thing).“Yeah, my boyfriend got sick last week,” Jeongguk said merrily. “So I never got to, uh, u-use it.”He faltered partway through his words, seeming to realise - again - how strange his sentence must have sounded. Yoongi certainly appreciated the strangeness, raising his eyebrows at the young man, again. For months Yoongi had keyed in increasingly complex coffee orders, had Jimin get increasingly flustered making said complex coffee orders, and watched Jeongguk drink the entirety of said increasingly complex coffee orders (with varying levels of enjoyment; he didn’t seem to like soy much) on the spot, in the coffee shop, and return the emptied mug afterwards. Yoongi, no matter how deep he dug into the depths of his own screwed up imagination, could not conceptualise how the customer - no, the customer’s  boyfriend - could use exotically-crafted coffee that had already been drunk.Actually, forget it, Yoongi didn’t want to know.“Alright, one coming right up.” - ☕️ - When Jeongguk met Taehyung for the first time ever, it was also over coffee. Or at least, it was over a terrible, shit-tasting, diluted, over-roasted, probably cursed cup of hot bean water trying to pass its sorry ass off as coffee.(Jeongguk now still remembered the address of the obscure shop he’d gone to, years back on that rainy day in June. It was just off his college campus, tucked into a corner of an old building, between a run-down bakery and a bookshop that he had never once seen open. But the first time Jeongguk actually went into the coffee shop, he had paid no attention to any of the shops beside it, barely even to the shop itself - all he remembered was being dead  exhausted, wobbling in the shop after racing a deadline with two all-nighters in a row and computer trouble of epic proportions, blindly seeking something,  anything, that had near-deadly quantities of caffeine in it.)“The strongest coffee you’ve got,” Jeongguk mumbled at the counter, barely staying on his own two (two? Was that the correct number?) feet. His hands were still shaking from his previous caffeine-seeking endeavour (at the now-empty vending machine) as he paid for his drink, and continued to shake very helpfully as he received his drink and shuffled his way to an empty seat, nearly spilling it twice as he stumbled over his feet.Jeongguk must have had been quite the sight, with his wrinkled black hoodie (probably inside-out) pulled over literal pyjamas, dark hair grimy and well on its way to resembling a windswept porcupine, and feet shoved in mismatched argyle socks and  sandals, because fuck shoelaces. But at that time, Jeongguk had already gone way past having any capacity to care. Way, way past. Instead, he’d all but collapsed in a seat, and chugged at his coffee with desperate abandon.Just to discover that the coffee, like his life, and his grades, and his computer, and that all-nighter bullshit he’d pulled, was complete and utter irredeemable  shit.The crushing disappointment must have had been written all over his face, because a man - a  gorgeous young man, sitting alone at another seat in the shop, conveniently faced towards Jeongguk’s direction because life just sucked like that, with faded lavender hair just a little too long and smooth rich sun-kissed skin and blue paint splotched endearingly on his cheek, wearing an oversized cream sweater in what was probably the softest material known to mankind, that hugged the curve of delicately sculpted shoulders and half-concealed exquisite long-fingered hands - had exploded into very loud laughter the moment Jeongguk’s tongue had its first tragic encounter with his coffee.Had Jeongguk been under normal conditions, he would been fine. He would have let it slide, or even laugh along. Because like a normal, well-adjusted and functioning human being, he would have had a sense of humour. However, at that moment, Jeongguk was under extremely non-normal and non-comfortable conditions of low sleep and high caffeine and his computer fucking crashing  six times in one night - how did that even happen to him, a good person - and under such extreme conditions of stress and duress, Jeon Jeongguk was not okay with this enchanting deity of a man laughing at him and his shitty cup of shitty coffee.“Hey,” he yelled, across the shop, turning about every head in the room towards him and his probably inside-out hoodie and  socks with sandals. “What’s your deal?”Gorgeous Laughing Guy only laughed even harder, nearly collapsing onto the table in a fit of giggles, and Jeongguk was starting to truly understand the meaning of sadism. He sat, affronted, glaring defensively at the man as if he’d insulted everything Jeongguk had ever stood for.And then Jeongguk was suddenly understanding the meaning of  masochism, because he found himself standing up, grabbing his blasphemic cup of coffee, and stalking over to sit down at the seat opposite the painfully good-looking person currently ruining his life.“I said,” repeated Jeongguk, “what’s your deal?”“Oh my god,” managed the other guy, fighting and failing to stop his stream of bubbling laughter. “Sorry. You’re just so  cute.”Jeongguk gaped at him, offended. Cute?  Cute? Did this guy just have the nerve to call him -  oh, Jeongguk realised, a drop-dead beautiful young man had just called him cute. Jeongguk blinked, mouth opening and closing but unable to string words together into any semblance of coherence. The other guy seemed to find this even more amusing, because he just laughed even harder, if at all possible, and soon melted into a shaking mess on the table, head pillowed in sweater-swathed arms. Jeongguk glared at the adorable lump, cursing everything he’d ever done to lead up to that moment. Finally, the laughter subsided, and the man looked back up at Jeongguk in an  unfairly  charming way.“So, hi,” he grinned sheepishly. “I’m Taehyung.”“Hi, Taehyung,” answered Jeongguk, intelligently. “This coffee sucks.”And so met Jeon Jeongguk and Kim Taehyung for the very first time.Fortunately, after the initial idiocy of the situation, they somehow managed to lapse into a more-or-less normal conversation - Jeongguk feeling initial irritation dissolve at Taehyung’s genuinely good intentions (and meltingly warm eyes, and honey-smooth voice, and fucking illegal  collarbones), and Taehyung naturally being good at talking to people, even strange young men who looked like they’d just died sixty times in a row but still crawled out handsome.Jeongguk soon learnt that Taehyung laughed easily, and was an art major at Jeongguk’s university, and did not in fact know he had blue paint on his face. And Taehyung soon learnt that Jeongguk was a year younger, and had a computer that was an unfaithful dick, and usually drank coffee from other, less terrible cafes, but this time those were too far and Jeongguk was  desperate.Taehyung smiled at Jeongguk’s third semi-crazed rant at the atrocious coffee he was forced-by-circumstance to drink. “Well, okay, I think you’re probably right.”“What do you mean,  probably? Of course I’m right.”“Yeah,” laughed Taehyung, “but I’ve never  actually  drank the coffee here so I honestly can’t say. It definitely smells satanic, though.”“You haven’t?”“Yep, not even once. I haven’t drank any real coffee since, like, six  months  ago,” he frowned, “I think.”“Why?”“Because,” announced Taehyung dramatically, “I found my one true coffee love six months ago, and Kim Taehyung’s tongue  never  forgets.” When Jeongguk looked at him in confusion, Taehyung smiled and carried on.Taehyung described how, in a small old coffee shop a few blocks down, he had found a type of coffee he had never heard of before. A strange mix, pioneered by a young barista, something he had called a  Cypher. And he described how, curious as ever, he had ordered one - large, because Taehyung had always been a risk-taker - just to try.And then, eyes lighting up, Taehyung went on to describe how blown away he had been by the incredible taste of it, how it had been something rich and exotic and carefully layered, each sip giving different bursts of flavour, with chocolate powder sprinkled at the base of the cup and vanilla in the sides, and a bit of cinnamon, somewhere in there, holding everything together, and whipped cream added even though it was served hot, and something else he couldn’t even identify, all flavours crashing together in rhythmic waves and sporadic explosions, to make the best cup of coffee Taehyung had ever drank in his entire life, since the day he was born.“But then when I went back to them a couple of weeks later,” he said, “they’d stopped selling the  Cypher. And I’ve never found it anywhere since. But my tongue never forgets,  never, so I can’t drink coffee anymore unless it’s that. I’m in love, Jeongguk. In  love.”Jeongguk laughed, “I’ve never seen anyone so passionate about coffee before.”“Well, you’d know if you got to  taste  it! It’s special, really really special. Before that I’ve ordered about every weird coffee order you can imagine, but that one - the  Cypher  - it really takes the cake. It was so good, other coffee just isn’t  coffee  to me anymore.”“Hope you find it again, someday,” said Jeongguk, buzzed and overwhelmed. Taehyung smiled at him, again, and Jeongguk marveled at how even his smile was incredible, somewhat rectangular, and how strangely  inviting  it made his lips look, and how a faint blush was creeping up his neck the more he thought about Kim Taehyung’s lips and - what was that about the tongue? A tongue that never forgets? Jeongguk swallowed. He wondered, hypothetically, whether that tongue could remember people too, because-At that moment, an alarm went off. Jeongguk fumbled for a moment, before realising it was his phone, and dug under his (inside-out, definitely inside-out) hoodie for the pocket of his pyjamas (fuck, had he just met Kim Taehyung, angel among men, in his  pyjamas? And it was the set with the second button mismatched, too, after Jeongguk had ripped it off by accident one time) for the offender. He swiped to turn off the moment-ruining alarm, and remembered with horror why he had set it in the first place.“Holy  fuck  Taehyung I have to-” gasped Jeongguk, hurriedly downing the last of his terrible coffee, spilling just a bit out from the corner of his mouth. “Class. Class, I've got class. A presentation-” and oh god, he was still in his  pyjamas  “-I’ll catch you again another time? Maybe?”Taehyung blinked and hurriedly grabbed an ink pen from his pocket, scribbling something on the back of his receipt. “Yeah, definitely. Good luck!” He shoved the paper into Jeongguk’s hand right before the younger man ran off to face presentation hell, “and call me!”Later, one near-death experience-in-the-form-of-a-presentation later, Jeon Jeongguk would look down at the paper he’d shoved in his inside-out hoodie pocket, and feel comforted looking at the phone number penned in hurried writing, and the small heart-shape doodled at the side. - ☕️ - Yoongi was absolutely, one hundred percent perplexed, when he passed through almost the entirety of his next Thursday shift without any sighting of Jeon Jeongguk. Not even a glimpse of him through the glass door or windows, or a message from anyone who may have happened to know him. If Yoongi was honest with himself, he was a little disappointed. He missed the kid and his strange, creative, possibly perverse coffee experiments. And also because Jimin looked far too relaxed in the back, straightforwardly making cappuccinos and lattes, mixing and pouring like a complete pro. Not that Yoongi minded, of course, Jimin was a non-hated coworker, and his happiness was Yoongi’s happiness-Yoongi watched as Jimin smiled too-cheekily at the woman he’d just whipped up an americano for. She was young and pretty, dewy fair skin and bright cat-like eyes and light hair - dyed, Yoongi was convinced -  brushing over straight eyebrows, white dress thin and shape-hugging over her slight frame. And Jimin was smiling too much as he passed her the cup, reddening slightly when she took the coffee and her fingers, long and slender with shell pink manicured nails, brushed slightly over Jimin’s.Okay, Yoongi definitely minded. Fuck Jimin and fuck his happiness. Where the  hell  was Jeon Jeongguk.However, throughout the whole shift, as customers came and went and the crowd gradually thinned out (because who would drink coffee so late in the day, anyway), Jeongguk made no appearance in any shape or form. Yoongi definitely did not get increasingly sulky throughout his shift, and was in no way unfairly bitter about it to Jimin, who absolutely did not laugh cheerily at Yoongi’s misery before admitting that he missed Jeongguk too, that the boy was cute even though he was annoying, and he didn’t like to see Yoongi “all emo”. And Yoongi certainly, indubitably, most assuredly did  not  get unreasonably agitated - for no reason, because it didn’t happen - and insist that Park Jimin and everyone else go home once it was closing time, that Yoongi would stay to clear up by himself.And thus, Yoongi found himself wiping tables alone in the coffee shop, keys to the front door jangling in his pocket, questioning his life decisions. And his sanity.He was just about done deftly removing a latte stain from a table near the front - that somehow always seemed prone to latte-drinkers, was there some kind of deep-rooted psychological thing for that? Well, whatever - and planning to move on to doing the dishes after that, when he was startled (just the  slightest  bit, of course) by a sudden knocking on the door.Yoongi turned to the glass door, about to yell a friendly  we’re closed, can’t you read the sign,  before realising that the man behind the glass, sweating and huffing and looking completely out of breath, knocking on the door with a kind of shy desperation, was none other than Jeon Jeongguk.Eyes widening in surprise, Yoongi haphazardly chucked the latte-stained washcloth into the sink and rinsed his hands quickly, before heading over to open the door and let Jeongguk in.“Jeon, what the fuck,” he said, in typical Yoongi fashion. “What are you doing here at this time?”“Yoongi, god, I- give me a minute,” Jeongguk panted, and Yoongi waited as he caught his breath. “I ran all the way here, work ended so late today because something went wrong, and the boss, like, hates me or something, and my phone  died  on me, and-” Jeongguk’s words tumbled out increasingly fast, and Yoongi soon realised the younger man was very clearly upset. Yoongi frowned. If even he, lord of emotional stuntedness, could tell, it must have been pretty bad.“Okay, Jeongguk, calm down. Sit down.” Yoongi pulled out the chair at the table he’d just wiped. “What’s the matter, kid?”Jeongguk took the invitation, collapsing on the chair and burying his face in his hands.“Yoongi, it’s our anniversary. It’s our anniversary, god, our fourth anniversary. And I’m going to get home so late and my phone is  dead  and I’ve got  nothing  for him and I bet he’s waiting at the apartment with no  dinner  and wondering where the hell his useless boyfriend is and now there isn’t even  coffee, and I’ve ruined it, Yoongi. I’m still ruining it right now.”Yoongi blinked, trying to make sense of the situation. “Wait, so you...forgot your anniversary?”“No,” Jeongguk moaned, “I remembered. I had a reservation at a restaurant and everything, but then I got so damn held up at work on today of all days because some fucker can’t carry a  decimal point, and my boss hates me so I had to stay, and I had to cancel the reservation because  I  can’t even make it, and my boyfriend doesn’t even know  anything  and I can’t tell him because my phone hates me too, and you guys are closed already so I can’t even play our weird coffee game.” Jeongguk sighed, rubbing his hands over his face. “And when I do get home and explain he’s going to be so nice about it, and say it’s fine but he’d be really  sad  too and I can’t stand it when he gets like that.”Yoongi frowned, quiet for a moment.“Well,” he offered, awkwardly, trying his best to be gentle, “I can’t imagine what your weird coffee game is, but if it’s any help I haven’t packed up the coffee-making stuff yet, so I could whip up whatever you can think of - I know Jimin always makes your drinks, but I’m better, trust me. It’ll be on the house. Oh, and you could borrow my phone to call, or something, if you want?”Jeongguk looked up at Yoongi from the table, as if the barista had just told him he’d found the cure to global warming, and cancer, and united all conflicting political leaders through the power of love.“Seriously? God, oh my god, thank you, Yoongi-”“Any time,” Yoongi interrupted, feeling a blush growing on his cheeks as he dug for his phone. Damn, he was bad at these  feelings  things. Passing his phone over, Yoongi watched as Jeongguk easily keyed in the number - because of  course  he would know his boyfriend’s phone number by heart, the little rascal - and called him up.“Hey Tae,” Jeongguk said breathlessly after a very brief wait - the guy on the other end probably picked up on first ring, god, how disgustingly sweet could you get - and began stammering out his explanation and apologies and not even one excuse and Yoongi gulped and did  not  blush and tried to busy himself with preparing the kitchen area for coffee-making, scrubbing aggressively at cups and saucers to clear space at the sink. It wasn’t his business to listen or intrude, he was just the guy who took Jeongguk’s coffee order, the guy who was a sworn bachelor since his last disastrous relationship, years back, and did not  do  feelings. The “I’m so sorry”s and "Baby”s and most certainly the “I love you”  at the end, flowing out smooth and easy in Jeongguk’s voice like warm milk, were not for Yoongi’s ears.Finally, the call ended, and Jeongguk went over to return the phone to Yoongi, looking a lot more relaxed and a little shy, pink dusting his cheeks. Yoongi cleared his throat and received his phone with thanks. Then, wiping his hands on a cloth, he pushed away the strange discomfort he’d felt, and focused on the next task he had promised.“So,” drawled Yoongi, as if it were any regular Thursday evening, “what’ll it be today?”Jeongguk furrowed his brow in thought. “I think,” he started, “maybe a triple - no, quad - shot-”But then Jeongguk froze, expression morphing into something strange. Tentative, yet hopeful. A bit like a scientist told to jump to the moon, but finding the ghost of an equation, somewhere, promising it could put gravity to sleep. Jeongguk pursed his lips.“Actually,” he said, “this is kind of a long shot. But do you know how to make a  Cypher?”Yoongi dropped the washcloth he’d been holding.“Fucking hell, Jeon Jeongguk,” he said, a smile spreading slowly on his face. “How the hell do you know about the  Cypher?” - ☕️ - Jeongguk walked as fast as he possibly could to the door of the apartment, carefully balancing the coffee cups he held in his hands - both large, because Taehyung was a risk-taker - as he tried to fumble with his keys. He’d just managed to unlock the door (with no small amount of creative coffee cup placement and a potentially ground-breaking new way to hold keys) when the handle turned on its own, and was pulled open away from him, to reveal Taehyung, grinning widely as he flung himself into Jeongguk’s arms, pressing his face into his neck, as Jeongguk tried to hug him back, mostly with his head, without jolting the cups.“Jeonggukkie!” Taehyung laughed, “You’re back!”Jeongguk smiled into Taehyung’s hair. “Yeah, Tae, yeah I am. And I got you something you’re not going to believe. Let’s go inside first.”Taehyung pulled back and Jeongguk shuffled his way into the apartment, putting down the coffee cups at the dining table before doubling back to lock the door. Taehyung helped chuck Jeongguk’s bag on the couch, before peering questioningly at the two mysterious coffee cups squarely centred on the dining table. Two. Two cups was new to him.“Hey, Jeongguk?” Taehyung called casually, as Jeongguk struggled to close the door.“Yeah?”“Are you planning on, you know,” Taehyung devilishly lowered his voice, “not sleeping at  all  tonight?”Jeongguk slammed the door shut too hard and dropped the keys.“N-no,” he cried, scandalised and red in the face, turning to look at Taehyung, “Kim Taehyung, what do you take me for?”“Well, I don’t know. I’m trying to figure out why you’re drinking two cups of coffee. At night.”Jeongguk paused. Then grinned a bit, eyes curving the way they did when Jeongguk teased Taehyung and was convinced - most of the time, wrongly - that he had the upper hand. “Well,” said Jeongguk nonchalantly, strolling over to join Taehyung at the dining table. “One of them is for you.”“Jeon Jeongguk,” huffed Taehyung, about to go on a melodramatic re-telling, Jeongguk was sure, about his epic episode with coffee and true love, and chide Jeongguk for forgetting something so clearly central to his personality, but Jeongguk held up a finger to shush him.“I’ll drink first, and you can try to guess,” Jeongguk grinned. “The usual way.”Taehyung smiled at that. He liked it the usual way. A lot.“Okay.”So Jeongguk carefully pried off the lid of one cup, with some trepidation, hoping faintly that Taehyung’s (and Yoongi’s, apparently) taste in coffee was not secretly terrible, and took a big sip. He hoped he looked as attractive as he was trying to, even as he flinched when the coffee proved itself less cooled and more scalding than Jeongguk imagined. He tasted the layers of flavour, that Taehyung had told him about so, so long ago, the burst of cinnamon, although he was pretty sure the walk from the coffee shop to the apartment had messed with the careful arrangement of varying tastes. Jeongguk drank more - to be fair to Taehyung - before licking some of the foam off his lips and turning to Taehyung, arms open invitingly.Taehyung was never one to say no to fun, and a Jeon Jeongguk with foam on his lips and his arms open had fun written all over him. Smiling widely, he slipped easily into the other’s embrace, bringing his hands up - one to cup Jeongguk’s cheek, trail fingers along his jaw, and one to snake around his neck, thumb rubbing over his skin. Taehyung leaned in, resting his forehead against Jeongguk’s for a moment, fixing him with a heavy gaze. He smiled as Jeongguk’s eyes darkened, and leaned in to close the distance, pulling Jeongguk towards him as he pressed forward.No matter how many times he kissed Jeongguk, Taehyung never really got used to how good it felt. It was soft and warm and wet, and they moved well with each other by now, and Taehyung could taste vanilla on his lips and cinnamon on his tongue and - wait, wait a moment, it  couldn’t  be. Taehyung let out a small gasp, heart pounding with excitement as he kissed Jeongguk fervently, eager to find out if this inkling could possibly be  true, and as he caught the blend of different flavours, and just a bit of the taste of powdered chocolate, Taehyung was  certain. He pulled back quickly, drawing a small whine from Jeongguk, and stared at his boyfriend.“Jeongguk,” said Taehyung, “Jeon Jeongguk. How did you - where on earth did you find a  Cypher?”Jeongguk just grinned at him, playfully silent. Taehyung pouted. He turned and uncapped the second cup of coffee, took a slow sip, relishing the familiar and amazing taste, the unforgettable combination of flavours and textures and the strange rhythm to the taste - Taehyung had never known taste could come with a  rhythm, until he’d tried this - and swallowed, before quickly putting down the cup and pressing in to kiss Jeongguk again.Jeongguk gasped, not expecting the second attack, and Taehyung happily took the chance to slip his tongue into his mouth, agile and teasing. Not that Jeongguk minded. He hadn’t realised how amazing tongues were until Kim Taehyung, and his boyfriend never failed to continuously prove the point.“You haven’t finished your coffee yet,” Jeongguk mumbled, when Taehyung pulled back briefly.“It tastes better like this,” Taehyung murmured, “now shut up and make out with me.”With no strength left to even pretend to not enjoy it, Jeongguk wrapped his arms around Taehyung, holding him snug and close and letting Taehyung kiss him, long and sweet. He was starting to understand how Taehyung must have felt, to feel and taste coffee on the other’s mouth instead of his own, and had to admit it wasn’t so bad. (A bit gross, if Jeongguk thought too hard about it. But it was really, honestly, very difficult to think hard about anything when Kim Taehyung was kissing him.)And finally, when they ran out of breath, and Jeongguk pulled away, gasping, Taehyung grinned up at him, and sweetly said, “now will you tell me?”And so Jeongguk, a little stunned and breathless, smiled. “You know that guy I always see at the coffee counter? On Thursdays?”“Min Yoongi, right?”“Yeah,” grinned Jeongguk. “Turns out he was, like, the guy who invented the  Cypher. But his boss didn’t really like some kid just making up new coffee drinks, especially since it was so hard to make, so they had a bet - Yoongi had to sell enough in that first day to sell it again, ever. And of course, that was when you got it the first time.”“But he didn’t sell enough,” breathed Taehyung. “My god, I should have bought, like,  fifty.”“Come on,” Jeongguk laughed. “You’d die drinking that much.”Taehyung shook his head, stunned. “Anything for the  Cypher. Fuck, it’s so  good.” As if remembering that as he said it, Taehyung gently picked up his temporarily-abandoned coffee cup, and brought it to his mouth for another blissful sip.Jeongguk watched him quietly. Then grinned. “But, you know, Tae, there’s something else about this drink.”“Mm?”“It’s not actually the same  Cypher.”“W-what?” Spluttered Taehyung, nearly choking on his mouthful of coffee.Jeongguk fought not to laugh too hard at the look of betrayal on Taehyung’s face, as he explained himself. “It’s still a lot like the  Cypher, but when Yoongi was making it he said they’d run out of one of the ingredients. Some kind of milk, I don’t know. So he had to swap it out for something else, and change things up a bit to, like,  ‘balance the flavour’  -” Jeongguk smiled widely. “-So what we’re drinking right now is what Min Yoongi, grandfather of new era coffee, calls  Cypher Pt.3.”Taehyung gaped at him, utterly stunned into silence. Finally, he found the words to ask, “what happened to part 2?”A dark look flashed across Jeongguk’s face as he remembered tastes that should  never  have graced any human tongue. Never. “It, uh, didn’t work out.”Taehyung shook his head, again, looked from the coffee cup in his hands to Jeongguk, and noticed the strange expression the other had - the slightly teasing quirk of his lips, the excited light in his eyes, as if Jeongguk had just pulled some major heist and was just waiting for Taehyung to catch on, and-“No way.” Taehyung’s mouth fell open. “No way.  This isn’t counted. This is-it’s cheating, oh my god, come  on, Jeon Jeongguk-”Jeongguk exploded into laughter, snorting and doubling over, nearly knocking his own cup of  Cypher Pt.3  clean off the table. Taehyung started pounding at his arm, protesting vehemently that Jeongguk didn’t play  fair, but they both knew.“I’ve  won, Taehyung, I’ve won our fucking coffee game.”Taehyung let out a dramatic wail, and Jeongguk was beginning to burst into a second round of explosive gloating, when the doorbell suddenly rang. They both froze. It rang again. Then, when it rang the third time, a slow smile spread over Taehyung’s face.“Special delivery for Jeon Jeongguk and Kim Taehyung!” A clear voice rang out from the door, and Jeongguk stared blankly as Taehyung leapt to his feet, previous agony forgotten, grabbing Jeongguk’s hand and dragging him to the doorway. Jeongguk followed dumbly, utterly bewildered, and watched as Taehyung brought them both to the door but made no move to open it.“Present!” Taehyung called out, grinning.“Okay!” Came the voice. “Are you ready?”“What is he talking abou-” Jeongguk hissed to Taehyung, but was cut off by his boyfriend pecking him quickly on the mouth, one hand snaking around Jeongguk’s head to cover his eyes, as the other slid the key into the lock. Jeongguk protested feebly as Taehyung unlocked the door with a click, and pulled it open (he guessed, not like he could  see). Jeongguk suddenly felt Taehyung’s breath on his ear, and the whispered words, “Happy anniversary,” before Taehyung uncovered his eyes.Standing at the door, grinning widely, holding one pizza box on each hand, was a man Jeongguk had never seen in his life. For a moment of blissful ignorance, Jeongguk was extremely confused, then he realised what the pizza delivery guy was  wearing.A black hoodie, wrinkled and unquestionably inside-out, over literal pyjamas - white, with a coffee stain on the right sleeve cuff, and the second button from the collar different from the rest. Mismatched argyle-patterned socks, one grey and one blue, and  sandals. Because fuck shoelaces. He even had mile-long eyebags drawn on with - makeup? And mussed up hair, fortunately brown instead of black, in the exact likeness of a windswept porcupine.“P-p-pizza,” stuttered Jeongguk, stupidly, feeling his ears burning and not knowing what else to possibly say in this  terrible  situation. “You ordered  pizza.” And then Taehyung was laughing, and the pizza-Jeongguk-guy was laughing, and Jeongguk  screamed.“Sorry,” giggled Taehyung, “I know it’s really  cheesy.”“Fuck,” was all Jeongguk could yell. “Fuck! ”When it came to playing games with Kim Taehyung, there was really no way to get the upper hand. - ☕️ - Later, Jeongguk would find out the pizza delivery guy was Jung Hoseok, a senior who did dance at their university. And he didn’t actually deliver pizza as a job, but had somehow managed to pull off the stunt after a full month of Taehyung-style shameless pleading. Jeongguk wasn’t sure if he felt grateful, or if he hated him.Later, Jeongguk would disclose to Taehyung that the phone he had called him with was Yoongi’s, and Yoongi would wake up the next morning to dozens of fully-capitalized text messages thanking him for being the “GRANDFATHER OF CYPHER”, and begging him to bring it back to the menu.Later, lying in bed, pressed close under a blanket with their legs tangled and the lights off and satisfied in every way, Taehyung leaned into the crook of Jeongguk’s neck, arm wrapped lazily around his stomach, as Jeongguk drew extremely cheesy heart-shapes on Taehyung’s back. (Not that he could tell. Okay, he  probably  couldn’t tell.)“I can’t believe,” murmured Taehyung, pressing in a closer, “you revived an extinct coffee for me.”“I can’t believe you convinced the pizza delivery guy to  cosplay  me,” mumbled Jeongguk, “and that you remembered my second pyjama button was the mismatched one.”Taehyung chuckled, too tired for a full-out laugh, “Kim Taehyung  never  forgets.”Derek can remember it like it was yesterday:At seven years old, he was sitting on the floor with both of his sisters, playing some stupid board game while their parents sat together on the sofa behind them. It was an unremarkable evening in every way, until Derek glanced up and spotted his mother running her fingers lovingly over a black mark on the inside of her left wrist. She usually wore a thick bracelet around it, so seeing it bare for the first time and discovering that the bracelet was more than a simple piece of jewellery piqued his curiosity. Without a word, he abandoned the board game, clambered up onto the sofa and pulled on his mother's arm to get a closer look at the strange new discovery. The sight of his dad's name written on her wrist confounded him, until Talia explained why it was there. With a patient smile, she told him that everyone in the world had a soulmate, a person made specially for them by The Powers That Be, and their name would appear on your wrist on the morning of your eighteenth birthday.For eleven years, Derek waited impatiently for the day he would finally wake up with his own soulmark. But Fate can be capricious and cruel, as he discovered one cold December morning. Things wouldn't be as easy as he thought. He wasn't as lucky as Laura, who'd woken up a few years prior with a name belonging to one of the boys in her grade. A nice, simple, easy-to-read name too—Nathan Jones.No. The name on Derek's wrist was an abomination:
Mieczysław Stilinski
"What the hell kind of name is that?" Laura had asked when she saw it."I don't know..." Derek said morosely."You're screwed, little brother."Derek hunted high and low for the person to whom his soulmark belonged but never found them. It's a male name, he discovered when he looked it up online. It threw him for a loop for a while because, having never before looked at another guy that way, he'd always assumed his soulmate would be female. In hindsight, that was a stupid expectation, especially when, a few years later, Cora turned eighteen and quickly found her soulmate in another girl. This news both delighted and upset him—he was happy for Cora, but to him, the new soulmates were just another in a long line to find each other almost immediately after their marks appeared on their wrists, while Derek himself was still looking years after his had shown up.It's not exactly unheard of for someone to be alone for as long as Derek has, but it's not common, either. No one could keep their eyes to themselves whenever he dared to show his face in public—and on more than one occasion, he overheard small groups talking about him. Their words weren't kind. They wondered what was wrong with him, and eventually, Derek found himself wondering the same thing. Maybe he was a bad person in a past life and this was his punishment. It was a thought he never shared with anyone else, not even Laura, his confidant. By the time he moved away from Beacon Hills, he never left the house if he could avoid it, not wanting to be subjected to any more ignominy.* * *
- Tuesday, April 4th, 2017 -
Now, at twenty-six, Derek has stopped searching.He hasn't given up, not really, but after watching all of his friends and siblings leave him behind, he's grown weary of it all. He simply pushes all thoughts on the topic of soulmates to the back of his mind with everything else he doesn't want to think about. As he told Laura when she asked him about it, her usually mischievous eyes full of sincere concern, it would happen when it would happen, and nothing Derek did would bring that time forward.With a sigh, Derek leaves the comfort of his bed when his alarm pierces through his cogitation. He only has an hour before he's due to arrive at work, at the 9-5 office job that was supposed to be temporary but has now been boring him to death for going on three years. He would hand in his two weeks' notice, like Laura keeps advising him to, but he honestly doesn't know what he would do if he moved on. He's stuck in a rut, he knows, one he tells himself almost daily that he'll finally hoist himself out of, but by the time he reaches his office building, he always loses his nerve and goes through the monotony all over again.It's an endless cycle.Once he's all washed and dressed in a pair of black slacks and a white button-down shirt, Derek walks into the tiny kitchen of his apartment and curses when he lays eyes on his coffee maker. He left it on the countertop the previous morning, after it had spat out one final cup of coffee and died. He was supposed to purchase a replacement on his way home from work yesterday, but Laura had guilt-tripped him into going out for a 'night on the town' before he got a chance—"The only time you leave your apartment nowadays is to go to work, Derek! I miss you..."Unable to really focus in the morning without a fix of caffeine, Derek hurries to grab his bag, locks up his apartment, and storms the few blocks to the nearest coffee shop. He's been in there before, but not often—he still refrains from social interactions as much as he can, even though no one in the city knows about his missing soulmate.As he waits in line to order, Derek looks around, quietly observing his surroundings to pass the time, and spots a man sitting at one of the small tables to his left, illuminated by the bright sunlight streaming in through the shop's large windows. There's nothing that really stands out about him right away, but for some reason Derek's eyes are irrevocably drawn to him.The seated man looks a few years younger than Derek, with a slimmer build but maybe around the same height. His brown hair is unruly, like he'd rolled out of bed and done nothing to it, and his pale face is dotted with small moles. His eyes are the most fascinating colour, something akin to cinnamon and whiskey that Derek has never encountered before. His hands arrest Derek's attention next, fingers flying across the keyboard of his MacBook. The digits are long and slender, and Derek has never had a thing for hands but...damn.The younger man is concentrating so hard on whatever he's typing that his tongue sticks adorably out of the corner of his mouth. He wears a red, long-sleeved plaid shirt, tight black chinos, and a pair of plain tennis shoes, the white material partially obscured by aged smears of mud and dirt. All of this hides a thin body that Derek suspects is still well-toned, a body against which he wants to be pressed. As soon as the thought enters his brain, Derek shoves it away. He isn't sure where it came from—maybe it's just loneliness creeping up on him, or maybe he's just exceptionally horny because it's been a long, long while since he last got laid. Whatever the reason, he doesn't want to entertain the desire.It can be dangerous, as past experience has taught him. He's tried it exactly once, entering into a relationship with someone who wasn't his soulmate. She was in the same boat as him, several years past eighteen but without the person she was meant to be with. They'd had fun for a couple months, but it wasn't what Derek really wanted and just left him feeling painfully unfulfilled. Ever since their amicable breakup, he'd resolved to stay away from relationships entirely until he found the man whose name was on his wrist.Realising that he's still staring when the person behind him in line taps impatiently on his shoulder, Derek sees to his embarrassment that he's next up and scrambles forward to give his order, the tips of his ears turning pink. A minute later, the barista slides a large cup of plain black coffee across the counter to him and, after handing over the money, Derek turns and heads for the exit, his steps quick because he's now in danger of being late for work. He spares a quick glance to his right and fights off disappointment when he discovers that the man from earlier has already left.* * *
- Wednesday, April 5th, 2017 -
Derek doesn't have a reason for visiting the coffee shop again.He doesn't.As he waits in line, he doesn't look over all the faces around him, searching for the awkwardly beautiful man he'd seen the day before. He doesn't, so he isn't saddened when, once he has that day's order in hand, he doesn't see him.* * *
- Monday, April 10th, 2017 -
He keeps going.For the next week, Derek visits the coffee shop every morning, keeping an eye out for the intriguing man. He doesn't see him today either, so he walks despondently out of the shop while mentally berating himself for acting so stupidly. He reminds himself that he doesn't know him, doesn't even know his name. He valiantly ignores the small voice in his head that points out that he wants to know him, until, because he's so caught up in his thoughts and oblivious to everything going on around him, Derek bumps right into him, coffee going flying."Oh my God, I'm so sorry!" the whiskey-eyed stranger exclaims."It's fine. It was my—" Derek starts, only to be interrupted."Fuck, your shirt!"Feeling a burning sensation on his chest, Derek looks down to find that his front is covered in hot coffee, staining the fabric of his crisp white shirt an ugly brown and making it stick to his chest and stomach. Displaying that much of himself was definitely not in his plan for the day, so he folds his arms self-consciously over his torso in order to feel less exposed."Here," the stranger says, proffering a small packet of tissues.Derek accepts them with a short, "Thanks."He steps to the side of the pavement, partially to get out of the way of other pedestrians and partially to hide from the other man. The tissues are soon soiled the same colour as his shirt as he pats himself down, soaking up the excess coffee, and Derek is very much aware that the reason for his daily trips to the coffee shop is still standing nearby, watching him. He glances up and has to look away again because the younger man is biting his lips, lips that Derek wants to—No. He tamps that thought down as forcefully as he can."I'm Stiles," the stranger says once Derek has finished, holding out his hand.Derek's fist closes around the soiled tissues, a hope he hadn't even realised he was holding dying a very painful death when he hears the name. He politely introduces himself in kind and prays that Stiles won't notice the tightness in his voice.The other man's eyes go wide for a split second—the name 'Bambi' pops into Derek's head—before he clears his throat and his countenance becomes inscrutable. "Sorry about...y'know," he says, gesturing to the large brown stain on Derek's front with the hand not wrapped around the strap of his laptop bag. "I was kind of in a hurry to get started on writing and wasn't looking where I was going. I slept in accidentally, so I'm kinda behind schedule and my publisher will kill me if I don't get this book finished on time."Now that they're actually talking, Derek finds himself a little tongue-tied. He's never been good at holding a conversation at the best of times, but it seems particularly bad in that moment. He feels like an idiot for wanting to bump into Stiles again, for hanging around the coffee shop like a stalker until he absolutely had to leave for work every day. With Stiles standing in front of him, waiting for him to open his mouth and say something, he suddenly wants to be anywhere else in order to avoid making even more of a fool out of himself."I can pay for dry cleaning, if you want," Stiles offers when Derek's words fail him, gifting Derek a shy smile that does funny things to his insides."Don't worry about it.""Well...how about I buy you another cup of coffee sometime, instead?"Derek is tempted. He's more tempted by this offer than he ever remembers being tempted by anything, but then Paige's face flashes before his eyes and he knows that he has to say no. Filled with regret, he shakes his head and fights the urge to take it back when Stiles' cautiously hopeful face drops."Sorry. I can't," is all the explanation Derek is able to give."Oh..." Stiles mumbles, fiddling again with the strap of his laptop bag. Derek gets the impression that this is a common nervous tic for the younger man. They both stand there for a few deeply uncomfortable seconds, until Stiles plasters a rictus smile on his face that Derek has no trouble seeing through. The stiff upturn of his lips makes Derek feel even worse about rejecting him. "Alrighty, then!" Stiles effuses with false cheer. "This has been fun and all but, as I said, I've got a book to finish and I'm sure you've got places to be too, so...see you around, I guess."With that, he scurries off. Derek stares after him until he disappears amongst the other people on the sidewalk.* * *
- Tuesday, April 11th, 2017 -
"What's going on with you, little brother?" Laura asks.Both Hales are in Derek's apartment, sitting on the living room sofa with empty containers of Chinese takeout piled up on the coffee table in front of them. Derek had gotten back from another boring day of work to find that his sister had already made herself at home in his space—he seriously regrets giving her a key when he moved in—and now they're both trying to watch some trashy reality show that fails abysmally at being entertaining."Nothing," Derek denies, getting up to toss the Chinese containers in the bin."Don't lie to me," Laura needles, following him. "You're bad at it.""Am not.""Are too. You've never been good at lying to people, Der.""Shouldn't you be going? Y'know, to your actual home? I'm sure Nathan's missing you."Laura huffs indignantly. "Don't be so antisocial. I'm only trying to help.""I didn't ask for your help.""So..." Laura hums, taking a wine glass down from one of the cupboards and filling it with cheap rosé. "There is something you need help with?""You're not going to drop this until I tell you, are you?"Laura smirks. "You know me so well."Derek rolls his eyes and gets his own glass of wine before migrating back to the sofa. "Fine... I'll tell you if it'll get your annoying ass off my back," he accedes, waiting for Laura to get comfortable to reveal his recent adventures at the coffee shop. Laura listens attentively and doesn't butt in once during the tale, something Derek had previously thought her incapable of. By the time Derek has finished, their glasses are both empty and Derek feels the welcome buzz that comes with drinking alcohol. He's always been a lightweight because he doesn't partake often, and no matter how much Laura pesters and teases him, he can't see that as a bad thing. It's cheaper. The intoxication loosens his tongue, and before Derek knows it he's waxing poetic about Stiles' everything. Okay, he thinks with a wince when he realises just how many compliments have poured from his mouth, maybe it's not such a good thing after all."You really like this guy, don't you?" Laura asks gently."Yeah, I do..." Derek admits. Damn you, alcohol."Then what's the problem? Just ask him out! Surely even you can't mess that up."Derek shakes his head. "But...he's not my soulmate. It would never last.""Do it anyway.""That wouldn't be fair to either of us, or to either of our soulmates," Derek states, suddenly feeling restless. He gets up and begins pacing back and forth, running his hands through his hair out of frustration as his worries erupt. "Say I did. Say I asked Stiles out and things went well and we ended up falling in love with each other or something. What would happen when one of us met our soulmate? 'Cause you know with my luck, when I started feeling comfortable in that hypothetical relationship, that's when we would finally meet. Then there'd be heartbreak and hurt feelings and awkwardness and just...no! It's a bad idea.""Okay, sorry I brought it up..." Laura says snippily.With a sigh, Derek feels every ounce of agitation leave him in a heartbeat, leaving behind dejection. He flops back down on the sofa and throws an arm over his eyes, not caring about how melodramatic he's being. He hears Laura set her wine glass down on the coffee table and feels her shift closer, until the weight of her head rests on his shoulder."You'll find him, little brother," she tries to reassure, but the words sound hollow.* * *
- Monday, April 17th, 2017 -
Despite what he told Laura, Derek doesn't quite manage to keep Stiles from his mind. He hasn't been back to the coffee shop since they literally bumped into each other, but, no matter what he's doing, Stiles is in his thoughts, keeping him distracted at all times. It makes him fall behind in his duties at work, makes him unable to take in more than one sentence when he tries to read before bed, and he can pretty much forget about sleeping.Come Monday morning, Derek can't fight it anymore. Bypassing his new coffee machine, Derek leaves half an hour early and walks to the coffee shop, his heart beating faster in his chest when he sees that Stiles is already there, typing away on his laptop.He has to stick to his guns.What he said to Laura remains true, but there's no harm in looking, right?Right.Once he has his coffee, Derek sits down at the table behind Stiles and takes a sip, hoping that none of the other patrons notice how obviously he's staring and think him a creep. He kind of feels like one, so the conclusion would be valid. But still. From his position, Derek can see the screen of Stiles' laptop, words appearing on a digital page as the younger man continues to type with a shocking amount of competency and speed. Next to the laptop is an open book, and after a few minutes of continuous observation, Derek sees Stiles pausing repeatedly in his typing to look at something printed in it.Just when Derek is about to get up and leave the shop, Stiles slams the book closed with a groan and runs a hand down his face. Derek can hear him mumbling to himself and can tell that his tone is annoyed, even though the words are too quiet to decipher. Whatever Stiles is writing apparently isn't going well, and Derek feels a spark of sympathy and immediately wants to do something about it. There's no one waiting to order at the counter, so Derek leaps up and—making sure to memorise the title of Stiles' book on his way past—catches the barista's attention. Without giving it too much thought, he orders a blueberry muffin and, once he has the plated baked good in hand, turns back around, his heart beating rapidly. Cautiously, he approaches Stiles' table and puts the muffin on the edge, causing Stiles' head to snap up, his mouth hanging open and an adorable blush appearing on his cheeks. Derek smiles sheepishly at him. "You look like you could use it," he mumbles, shuffling his feet awkwardly."Thank you," Stiles breathes, eyes big and wide."N-no problem," Derek stutters, ensorcelled. "I should— I should go. To work."Flustered, he runs.* * *Derek visits the closest bookstore on his way home late that afternoon.It's a huge place, spanning a couple floors with shelves packed in tight together, filled to the brim with so many books that the middle of each shelf dips under their substantial weight. Like a man on a mission, Derek heads straight for the Young Adult section, not caring that he's years too old to be the target audience for anything there. He searches the shelves for a specific book, his impatience growing until he spots the already familiar red spine he hasn't been able to get out of his head since he looked it up on his lunch break.Plucking the paperback book from the shelf, he checks the front cover just to make sure it's the right one, the hand around his heart squeezing tight again when he reads Stiles' name—God, how he wishes that name was also written on his wrist. He walks distractedly to the checkout, his eyes scanning the back of the book for the short and sweet synopsis. The first book in a series, it tells the story of a teenage boy living in a fictional Californian town after he is bitten by a werewolf one night. Derek has never been one for fantasy stories—he's more of a true crime kind of guy—but he has to admit that the story sounds at least vaguely interesting. He doesn't know who he's kidding, though. He'd probably read the thing cover to cover even if the story sounded like complete crap."Sir? Is this everything?"Snapping out of his daze, Derek finds the old man on the other side of the checkout counter eyeing him warily. He feels his cheeks colouring."Oh, yes. Just this," he replies, handing the book over to be scanned."That'll be $9.99 then, please."After paying, Derek takes the book and leaves the shop with it tucked under his arm, already planning on spending the evening reading it in his favourite pair of sweatpants while sipping a cup of tea. If Laura knew of his plans, he'd never hear the end of it.* * *
- Friday, April 21st, 2017 -
He was right.Derek returns home from work, tired as he ever remembers being, and just wants to take a long, hot shower and then sleep for the entire weekend. This desire is just a pipe dream, though, because just as he's rummaging through his dresser for his most snuggly sweater, he hears insistent knocking on the door to his apartment. With a frown, he leaves the drawer open, clothes spilling out onto the floor, and goes to answer it. He barely suppresses a loud groan when he spies both of his sisters through the peephole.Of course. Sibling Bonding Night.How could he forget?It's a tradition that was started several years ago now, when Derek and Laura first moved to New York. Cora hadn't wanted to join them, so, as a compromise, every couple months she'll come to visit for a few days so they can all catch up. It completely slipped Derek's mind that Cora's visit was coming up, and as such, he's woefully underprepared. He doesn't have any alcohol apart from half a bottle of wine, nor does he have any snacks because he hasn't been grocery shopping since Laura cleared out his cupboards during her visit last week. Cursing, Derek takes a deep breath, steeling himself for the verbal lashing he's sure to receive, and opens the door. He immediately gets a mouthful of Cora's hair as she jumps him, her skinny arms deceptively good at crushing the life out of him as they wrap around his torso."Yeah, yeah, I missed you too," he mumbles, awkwardly returning the hug.Cora smirks when she pulls back. "You'd better.""Just get in, brat.""Ever the charmer," Laura smirks, entering the apartment after Cora.Derek rolls his eyes and closes the door behind her when she leaves it wide open. As he was expecting, a few seconds later there comes a loud screech from the kitchen. "Where's the food?! I'm gonna starve!" Cora shouts, storming back over to where Derek is resolutely not cowering by the door and smacking him hard on the arm. "You forgot, didn't you?""Maybe..." Derek admits carefully.Cora pouts and smacks him again. "Bad Derek! Bad!""I'm not a dog!""All men are dogs," Laura says sagely from her position on the sofa."Even Nathan?" Derek challenges."Especially Nathan.""So," Cora says pointedly, glaring, "what're we gonna do for food? Since someone here obviously doesn't love us enough to keep us well-fed."Derek opens his mouth to give an indignant reply but is interrupted by Laura:"Don't be so hard on him, Cora. Our dear brother's been very, very busy these past couple weeks," she explains, the playful glint in her eyes only getting brighter when Cora perks up and stares at her excitedly, obviously waiting for more details."Laura, don't—" Derek tries."You see," the elder Hale goes on, grinning, "he's been pining."Cora squeals and bounces up and down. "Ooh! Who is it?!""Some guy he met in a coffee shop," Laura replies, looking particularly smug."Really, Derek? That's so cliché!"Laura clutches a hand to her chest and swoons dramatically, falling backward until she's lying lengthways on the sofa. "The heart wants what it wants!""So, when's the wedding?" Cora chirps."I hate you both," Derek mumbles.* * *"Hmm, what's this? 'Teen Wolf'..."Alarmed, Derek looks up from the glass he's washing to see Laura examining Stiles' book with a bewildered expression on her face. He stands there frozen for a second, vacillating between making a desperate grab for the book and trying to play it off nonchalantly and hoping for the best. Making a scene like the first option would likely just intrigue Laura further, so he settles on the second, keeps his head down, and tries to regulate his breathing. He's so focused on listening for Laura's next words and watching her out of the corner of his eye that he doesn't pay attention to what he's doing—the glass in his hands is already clean but he starts scrubbing it all over again anyway."Doesn't sound like your usual type of book, Der," Laura muses, cracking it open and scanning through the first couple of pages. "Yup, definitely not your type at all. And it looks and smells new but the spine's cracked in several places. Very interesting."Derek doesn't rise to the bait."I seem to remember you telling me that your little crush was a writer too, when you were gushing about him. Fascinating coincidence, that."Cursing his sister's perspicacity, Derek finally sets the glass upside-down in the drying rack next to the sink and dries his hands with a dishtowel. "I have no idea what you're rambling on about," he cavils, already one hundred percent done with this conversation. Wistfully, he wishes that Cora would hurry up in his shower so that he can escape in there, but neither of his sisters' nightly ablutions have ever been short."Remember when I told you that you were a terrible liar?" Laura smirks."Shut it. It's nothing.""Looks like someone's been reading this a whole lot."Derek turns away, embarrassed. "Seriously, s'just a book.""Whatever you say," Laura singsongs.She settles back into the sofa cushions, curling her legs beneath her, and props the book open on the armrest. With nothing better to do, Derek potters listlessly around the apartment and cleans, stubbornly ignoring the knowing looks Laura sends his way as she reads. It's tense, the only sounds made being the rustling of pages turning as Laura progresses quickly through the book and the muted sound of the shower from behind the door of Derek's en suite bathroom. Every few minutes, she'll make a comment about the book, relaying honest reactions that mirror the ones Derek had the first time he read it."Man, Jackson's a total dick.""Oh, Scott's kind of a dick too. Lovely.""This werewolf guy is as socially inept as you, little brother!""This kid needs to stop pining after Lydia and move on already. It ain't gonna happen! He's too good for that stuck-up princess anyway...""Chris majorly needs to get that stick out of his high-and-mighty ass.""I hate Kate so much. That whole family is just trash.""Wow, so this dude killed his own niece to help him get revenge? What a psycho."By the time Laura finishes reading, Derek has resorted to reorganising the stacks of DVDs he keeps in the cabinet below his TV, just to have something to do. He can hear her setting the book down on the coffee table but doesn't turn around, keeping his eyes on the DVDs currently resting in his lap."You can't avoid me forever, you know," Laura says, amused."I'm not avoiding you," Derek deflects. "You're getting paranoid in your old age."Laura throws a small cushion at the back of his head. "Hey! I'm only four years older than you!" She laughs. "Now, seriously, about this book...""Laura, can you not?""Can I not what, little brother?""Pester me. I really don't want to talk about this anymore.""Talk about what?" Cora asks as she finally comes back into the room, dressed in Derek's fluffy maroon bathrobe. Derek would be scandalised because he doubts she's wearing anything beneath it, but by now he's used to his sisters usurping his belongings.In an uncharacteristic show of kindness, Laura doesn't tell Cora about Stiles' book. Instead, she sends Derek a look that clearly says, "You owe me for this," and changes the subject, using Derek's position in front of the TV as the perfect opportunity to begin a debate on which movie they should watch. Derek, feeling grateful, doesn't even try to put in his two cents, knowing that he'd just get overruled anyway because he loves his sisters too much to put his foot down on something so trivial.* * *
- Monday, April 24th, 2017 -
"You sure know how to send mixed signals."Derek, having been minding his own business in line at the coffee shop—he just can't stay away, damn it—releases an unmanly yelp and spins on his heel to find Stiles right behind him, black laptop bag slung over his shoulder like usual. "What?" he asks stupidly, his heart not slowing down even when the shock has worn off. It keeps beating fast for a completely different reason, one that has absolutely nothing to do with their close proximity."You, turning me down and then buying me that muffin to cheer me up the other day," Stiles explains. "You're like, the king of mixed signals right now." The corner of his mouth turns up in a lopsided smile but his eyes are nervous, like he's worried Derek won't want to talk to him again after how mercurial he's acted from the get-go."Oh... Sorry," Derek says lamely."So, you gonna run away this time?""Uh, no?"Stiles' smile becomes unfettered. "Are you asking or telling?""Telling," Derek responds, trying to inject confidence into his voice. He fails, making Stiles' smile widen even further—something Derek didn't think was possible.They spend the rest of the wait in silence, and Derek is bemused to discover that it isn't at all strained. He orders first and is just reaching for the back pocket of his jeans to get his wallet when Stiles steps up next to him and gives his order to the barista too, confusing everyone present. "What are you doing?" Derek asks quietly as their drinks are prepared, standing there with his arm still bent behind him at an odd angle."Paying for your coffee," Stiles apprises."Okay...but why?""I still owe you for making you spill it before, remember?""Well, when you put it that way."Stiles grins.Deciding to push his luck, Derek follows Stiles over to his usual table and sits down opposite him, his fingers staying wrapped around his too-hot coffee cup. He expects Stiles to take out his laptop and begin working, but instead the younger man sets the bag on the table, places his elbows delicately atop it and rests his chin in his palms. He peers at Derek appraisingly, making Derek shift restlessly in his chair because being the subject of anyone's undivided attention has always made him uncomfortable. "You're staring," he murmurs, taking a sip of his coffee and wincing when the nearly scalding liquid hits his tongue.Stiles chuckles. "I can't help it. It's not often I have company this handsome."Derek's entire face goes red."Oh, and you blush! Handsome and adorable.""I'm not— I'm not adorable..." Derek mumbles, slumping in his chair."Agree to disagree."Stiles keeps staring for a while, making even more blood rush to Derek's face, before finally taking pity on him and averting his gaze. Or at least lowering its intensity. "So, Derek," he begins, removing his elbows from his laptop and taking a large swig of his iced cappuccino. "I always see you dressed in those slacks and fancy button-downs, looking all sharp and dapper. What d'you do for a living?""Nothing, really," Derek says, grateful for the new topic. "I just work in an office building close to here. It's actually pretty boring, to be honest.""Why not do something else then? Something you enjoy?"Derek smiles wanly. "Laura, my sister, asks me that whenever we see each other.""And what do you tell her?""I dodge the question, usually.""Well, let me ask you this: what are you good at?"Derek bites his bottom lip as he thinks. "I played basketball in high school, but I didn't really want to make a career out of it. I don't think I have any skills apart from that.""Now I know that's not true! You just haven't discovered them yet.""Even if I did...""You wouldn't know how to move on? Hey, I get it," Stiles empathises, brazenly reaching across the table and covering Derek's hand with his. Derek looks up at him then, uncertainty painted across his rugged yet pretty features, but Stiles doesn't retract his hand. "Before I moved to New York, I had a job at one of the local stores in my hometown. I was fresh out of school and didn't really know what I wanted to do with my life, so I just sort of...drifted, hoping that something would, I don't know, fall into my lap? But that obviously didn't happen. It was hard—believe me, I know how hard it can be—but eventually I decided that enough was enough. I found some of the short stories I used to write as a kid and, with my dad's encouragement, I decided to have a proper go at it, just to see where it would lead. I quickly discovered that I loved it, and after writing my first book and getting rejected by about thirty different publishers, I finally caught a break. Now I've almost finished writing my second book and I'm insanely happy with the direction my life is heading. Especially today." He winks.Derek looks down at their hands. "Sounds nice.""The only thing stopping you from doing that too, is you," Stiles points out, his thumb rubbing soothingly back and forth over the back of Derek's hand."I guess.""Well, when you figure it out, I'd love to hear about it."Huffing amusedly at the insinuation that they'll be talking like this again in the future, Derek pushes himself up in his seat and leans forward to engage properly in the conversation. He checks his watch quickly and, when he sees that it's almost time for him to get to work, finds that he doesn't care. "How's the book coming along?"Stiles brightens instantly. "Oh, it's going really well, actually!" he beams, his eyes crinkling in a beatific smile. Derek thinks it's like looking into the sun. "I may have recently bumped into a new source of inspiration for a character I plan on introducing in the book after this one, who's going to act as a sort of foil for my protagonist. Tell me if they sound familiar—he's tall, has dark hair, a beard, muscles that make him look like a damn Greek god, and he's incredibly good-looking. That description ring any bells?"Derek blinks, nonplussed. "You're putting me in your book?" he bleats."If it's alright with you.""That's...flattering, I suppose," Derek accepts uneasily, rubbing at the back of his neck with his free hand. "Your main character's called Scott, right?"Stiles goes to answer but then pauses. "You read my book?""No," Derek denies, blushing again.Stiles raises an eyebrow."Fine. Maybe...""What did you think?"Derek barely stops himself from revealing that he's already read it seven times in the week since he purchased it. In fact, he's missed out on hours of sleep because he stayed up ludicrously late every night just to read it all over again, a point he was glad Laura didn't push past a single comment on the book's worn spine. "It's not something I'd normally read, but I liked it," Derek answers, playing idly with the lid of his coffee cup. It's probably lukewarm by now, but he doesn't want to waste time drinking it when he could be talking to Stiles. "Scott's kind of a dick, though. Those were my sister's words, but I agreed with her.""Yeah, well, the person he's based off of can be kind of a dick too, so I'll take that as you both saying I did a good job," Stiles laughs, removing his hand from Derek's and transferring it to his cappuccino. Derek feels an irrational surge of loss and jealousy. "I think this is usually the point when you run off to work, no?" Stiles comments.Derek looks at his watch again and sighs. "Yeah...I really should be going."The smile on Stiles' face becomes tinged with sadness. "Don't let me keep you," he says. "This was fun, though. We should do it again sometime.""Yeah, we should," Derek agrees readily."Same time tomorrow?""Count on it."* * *
- Monday, May 22nd, 2017 -
For the next four weeks, Derek and Stiles meet in the coffee shop and sit together at what has now unofficially become their table. Sometimes they talk about anything and nothing. Sometimes they just sit there in companionable silence while Stiles makes the final edits to his manuscript. They don't exchange numbers or addresses, their only contact with each other staying those thirty minutes every weekday morning, and after that first conversation, it becomes an unspoken rule that they don't discuss anything truly meaningful again. Derek feels like they're in some sort of stasis, neither moving forward nor backward in their hesitant friendship.He's content.Of course, that's when Stiles has to leave."Book tour," he explains gloomily one morning, his mocha going untouched."Shouldn't that be a good thing?" Derek asks, ignoring the sudden tightness in his chest."Yes, it is. But...""But we won't see each other for a while," Derek finishes with a slow nod, feeling his desire for his own beverage dissipating too."Yeah...""How long?""A month, depending on how it goes.""Well, congratulations. I'll be wanting a signed copy," he jokes with false cheer, trying to keep his disappointment out of his voice. He stands up and offers a smile, but he can tell it doesn't reach his eyes when Stiles doesn't return it. He isn't certain why, but even though they'll be parting for just a month, to Derek it feels like they're saying goodbye to each other in a much more permanent capacity. When he walks out of the coffee shop and heads to work, it's as though he's just left a part of his heart behind.* * *
- Monday, May 29th, 2017 -
Derek feels lost.Without even realising it, he'd fallen into a routine—he'd wake up half an hour earlier than he used to, get ready, and then meet Stiles at the coffee shop. A week after Stiles leaves, though, after spending every morning sitting at their usual table by himself, staring at his coffee cup like it held all the answers to his problems, he had enough. New York City had always fascinated him growing up. It held so many possibilities, so much life and vibrancy, so many different and unique people going about their business at all hours of the day. It all seems painfully dull now, and he can't figure out why Stiles is the cause. There were feelings, of course, feelings that never should have developed in the first place, but Derek hadn't thought they were intense enough to drain the world of colour. How wrong he was.Now, after getting a week off work and booking the first flight out of the city because he isn't able to stomach it anymore, Derek is back in his hometown of Beacon Hills, standing in front of his childhood home. It's been years since he was last there and nothing has really changed, but to Derek, things still seem different somehow. It takes him a while to realise that the house, his mother's car—the whole damn town, even—aren't what's different. It's him.Just as he's about to walk up to the door, it opens and a voice calls his name.Looking up, Derek spots his mother standing on the threshold, dressed in a white blouse and a pair of light-blue jeans. After the surprise wears off, her face splits into a wide grin and she rushes toward him, her dark hair swinging wildly where it's tied into a ponytail at the back of her head. Derek nearly falls over when she throws her arms around him in a bone-crushing hug. As it is, he staggers back a few steps before dropping his suitcase with a weighty thud and embracing her back, his eyes closing as he's transported back to his childhood by the scent of her floral perfume. He used to hate it, but now...it's comforting."I wasn't expecting you!" Talia says, pulling back and narrowing her eyes playfully. "Why didn't you call to tell me you were coming?""It was a spur-of-the-moment decision," Derek replies.She must see something in his face, because her countenance softens and she links their elbows. "Well, you must be tired after your flight. Come on inside," she says, waiting for him to pick up his suitcase with his other hand before leading him toward the front steps. "It's been a while since we last spoke—honestly, Derek, not even a phone call for your poor mother? Tsk, I have to rely on your sister to inform me of your wellbeing, and she's more than willing, but it would be nice to hear it from you once in a while. Anyway, enough with the guilt trip. We must have a lot to catch up on, hmm?""Yeah, we do...""Well, how about you get settled while I make some tea, and then we'll talk, Okay?""Okay."* * *Derek's bedroom is pretty much how he remembers leaving it when he and Laura moved to New York, likely preserved with love by his mother. The pale-blue walls are decorated with peeling posters of his favourite movies and bands and a couple family photographs; his desk is piled with ephemera of days long past, school books and essays and even the old, barely working laptop on which he'd grudgingly written them all; his large bookcase is still filled with the vast majority of his books, everything he couldn't take with him to the city because moving already cost a fortune without them; there's even a grubby basketball sitting in one of the corners, where it was put when he lost interest in the sport near the end of his senior year.Setting his bag down on the navy-blue sheets of his bed, Derek unzips it and takes out the clothes he'd packed hastily the previous evening. The top drawer of his old dresser is empty, so he shoves the clothes in there, planning on staying until he has to return to work. Once his toiletries are laid out on top of his bedside table, ready for when he prepares to go to sleep later, he sits on his bed and thinks."What are you even doing here?" he asks himself, lying back and staring at the plain white ceiling with his arms thrown above his head. "Pathetic...""I definitely agree with you on that."Lifting his head, Derek spies his uncle leaning against the door frame. He glares."Now there's that grumpy face I've missed so much!" Peter smirks."Ugh, fuck off," Derek groans."Aww, what's wrong? Not pleased to see me?""No.""Not even a little bit?""No.""You've hurt my feelings now, Derek. I hope you're happy.""Ecstatic."Peter throws his head back and releases a hearty laugh. "Ah, this takes me back!" he grins, exacerbating Derek's irritation. "It's just like old times, when you were a surly teenager sulking alone in here, convinced the world was out to get you. I see the old adage about age being just a number has proved true in your case.""Please get out.""No can do, nephew. Your mother's waiting.""Great. You've told me, so now you can go. Finally.""As prickly as ever, nephew," Peter snarks, rolling his eyes."Just for you, uncle.""Well, now don't I feel special?"* * *Derek enters the kitchen to find his mother already sitting at the small circular table, two cups of camomile tea steeping in front of her. She plays absentmindedly with the string of her teabag but drops it when she sees Derek enter. "Uncle Peter is a menace," he tells her, taking off his leather jacket. He slips it over the back of the chair opposite hers before joining her and pulling his cup closer.Talia snorts. "Don't I know it. Just be glad you didn't have to live with him when he was a teenager. He was even more of a nightmare than he is now.""Sounds horrible," Derek commiserates with a shudder."Oh, it was. He had quite the ego, even back then.""And yet you still live with him. You're a masochist, aren't you?""Oh, darn! You've found me out!"Derek smiles."So, dear son of mine who never calls," Talia begins, taking a sip of her tea, "what brings you back here? Not that I'm not happy to see you, of course—you're always welcome, you know that. I just get the feeling that something's changed."Derek's smile fades and he looks down. "Yeah, it has...""Laura tells me you've met someone.""What?! She did?""Now, now, don't get upset. She just worries. We both do.""She's too nosy for her own good.""She's just looking out for her baby brother."Derek huffs. "Still annoying.""Yes, well."Before he can stop himself, Derek ends up spilling everything to his mother. How he'd spotted Stiles in his local coffee shop and been drawn to him. How he and Stiles had eventually met in the street and how he'd tried to stay away after learning that Stiles' name wasn't the one written on his wrist. How he struck up a friendship with Stiles after he could no longer resist the force that was inexorably pulling them together. How Stiles had left for his book tour and taken a piece of Derek with him, leaving Derek to miss the person who, against his better judgement, he was swiftly beginning to love. His mother stays silent throughout his tale, though a curious expression does appear on her face near the end.By the time Derek has finished, their tea is cold."That's quite the predicament," Talia says.Derek hums noncommittally."Have you told him how you feel?" she asks gently."No..." Derek sighs. "I haven't.""Are you going to?""Yes. No. Maybe." Derek resists the urge to punch something. "Honestly, I don't know what I want to do. It's just— We're not soulmates. It's wrong on every level. But...""But it still feels right."Derek nods."I honestly don't know what to tell you, sweetheart. I just hate to see you so sad like this," Talia laments, getting up and putting both of their half-empty cups in the sink. Once they're both filled with water, she turns around and leans against the counter, her eyebrows pulled tight together as she ruminates over Derek's current problem. "Okay, I'm going to have to agree with Laura and say that you should just tell Stiles," she informs Derek eventually, surprising him. "I know you're worried about the possibility of finding your soulmate after the fact, but it's not exactly unheard of for people to never meet theirs. Unfortunate as it may sound, it's not the end of the world. Even if you and Stiles aren't soulmates, that doesn't have to stop you from being happy together if you don't want it to. In fact, a friend of mine from college never found her soulmate, and she's still been happily married for...16 years now, I believe. If you care about Stiles as much as I suspect you do, you have to tell him.""But what if he doesn't feel the same?" Derek asks, his voice small."Then at least you'll know.""You make it sound so damn easy.""The important things never are, I'm afraid."* * *
- Sunday, June 4th, 2017 -
After a week of doing basically nothing in Beacon Hills, returning to the hustle and bustle of New York is jarring. The colours still don't seem as vibrant as they had before Stiles departed for his book tour, but they're not as faded as Derek had left them in his egress. He still hasn't decided what he should do about his feelings for Stiles, but his mother's words stay in the back of his mind as he sticks his key in the door to his apartment. He knows he'll reach a conclusion soon, but, since Stiles will be gone for another three weeks, and since Derek has no means of contacting him before he gets back, he leaves that choice for another day.Of course, he should have expected that he wouldn't get to relax just yet, because Laura is on him as soon as he opens the door. She startles him, getting right up in his face with a glare so powerful that Derek shrinks back under the weight of it."Why are you here?" he croaks."Oh, I don't know. Take a wild guess," Laura fumes, hands on her hips."You...missed me?""Wrong! Well, kind of. But that's not what I was getting at.""Can I please just put my stuff away before you start yelling at me?"With a roll of her eyes, Laura steps aside. "Fine.""Thank you."Taking temporary refuge in his bedroom, Derek kicks the door to behind him and trudges over to his dresser. He takes as long as possible to put his clothes and toiletries away, refolding every garment even though it's all still folded meticulously from when he left Beacon Hills. When the last pair of underwear has been placed back in its home, Derek reluctantly heads back into his apartment's main space, his eyes instantly locking on to where Laura sits on the sofa with a tall glass of wine clutched in her hand."So, little brother," she drawls, crossing her legs. "Spill.""I just— I had to get away for a while," Derek explains succinctly. He sits down on the other end of the sofa, keeping some distance between them."That's all you have to say to me?""I don't know what else you want from me.""I want you to apologise for leaving so abruptly, especially without telling me first," Laura chastises, downing half of her wine in a gulp so huge that Derek feels sorry for her liver. "One day you were here, fine if a bit moody, and the next you were gone. The first I knew about it was when I came over to check on you the day after you left and found some of your clothes and your stuff from the bathroom gone. I nearly had a heart attack until I called mom and she told me you were back home with her and Uncle Peter. That wasn't a very nice experience, Derek. How would you react if our positions were reversed? You act all distant but I know you love us and would freak the fu—""I'm sorry.""—uck out— Wait, what?" Laura blinks."I said I was sorry.""No, I heard you. I was just expecting to have to pry it out of you."Derek shakes his head. "You're right. I should've told you I was leaving," he agrees, looking at where his hands are clasped in his lap. "I just...panicked.""Well, thank you. Just tell me next time.""I promise.""So, did getting away help?""It did, actually," Derek says, tearing his gaze from his lap and offering his sister a smile. "I still miss him, and I'm still kinda putting off deciding what to do about that until I absolutely have to, but mom gave me some advice that put things into perspective.""I'm glad.""So, are we good?"Laura pats him on the shoulder. "Yeah, we're good."* * *Later that evening, Derek heads down to his building's lobby to check his mailbox. He finds a whole week's worth of stuff there—letters, bills, a postcard from one of his friends from high school, and a flat rectangular package. He doesn't remember ordering anything recently, so with his curiosity aroused, he takes it all upstairs. Dumping his paper mail on the coffee table for tomorrow, Derek grabs a pair of scissors from one of the kitchen drawers, cuts into the package and tears it open, thinking that if Laura has begun having her purchases delivered to his address again, he's going to commit sororicide.What he finds inside is nothing of the sort.It's a brand-new copy of Stiles' second book. Derek takes it out and runs his hand reverently over the green front cover, his eyes stinging suspiciously when he opens it to the first page and reads the handwritten message right in the centre, below the title:
To Derek,

I know you were only joking when you said you were expecting this that day in the coffee shop, but you said you liked the first one so I figured, why the hell not? I hope you enjoy this book too, and that you're not missing my awesome self too much while I'm away. ;) I look forward to seeing your stupidly perfect face again when I get back.

Stiles

xxx
Derek rereads the note a dozen times until it all sinks in. The fact that Stiles cared enough to send this to him touches him in a way he hasn't been touched in a long time, so much so that his legs threaten to give out and he has to drop back onto the sofa before they do. His chest feeling tight, Derek scans his eyes over Stiles' note one final time before closing the book and putting it down on his lap. He knows what he has to do.* * *
- Saturday, June 24th, 2017 -
After three weeks of hell, Derek stands in JFK International and waits for Stiles' flight to arrive. He shouldn't be there, shouldn't even know when and where Stiles is returning to the city, but Laura had insisted. As soon as he told her that he was planning to tell Stiles how he felt, she disappeared and came back the next day to thrust a small piece of paper at him, on which was written Stiles' flight information. She wouldn't tell him just how she managed to get her hands on it, but, as the flight he's been waiting for appears on the Arrivals board, he can't help but be grateful.As the time ticks down, Derek moves over to the gate and stands off to the side, away from the crowd of people waiting for their loved ones and relatives. Nearly all of them have items clutched in their hands, small gifts no doubt intended for the people who should be getting off their plane that very moment. Should he have brought something too? Flowers, perhaps? He worries momentarily before deciding that, no, flowers wouldn't have been a good idea. That would be way too forward. Besides, even though he's never been good with words, Stiles deserves to hear how he feels from his mouth and not from some cheap gift that would die in a week. Shoving his hands in the pockets of his leather jacket, Derek keeps his eyes trained on the doors, impatient for them to open because the anticipation feels like torture to him.A few long minutes later, people finally start spilling out.There's excitement and joyful crying and about a dozen other emotions as those around him reunite, but Derek doesn't hear any of it. Not when he spots Stiles trailing at the back of the new arrivals, looking tired and rumpled with his carryon hanging from the end of his limp arm. The younger man doesn't notice him at first, but then Derek moves into his path and Stiles' eyes light up with recognition."Derek?" Stiles breathes."Hi," he says shyly.Time slows down briefly as people mill around them, and then Stiles comes closer. "This is a surprise. I didn't think I'd see you until tomorrow morning.""Yeah, well...thank my sister.""You wanna help me get my bags?"With a nod, Derek falls into step next to Stiles until they reach baggage claim. He thinks while they wait for Stiles' bag to appear, trying to settle on the best way to broach what will undoubtedly be a difficult conversation. If Stiles notices him acting strangely, he doesn't say, something for which Derek is exceedingly grateful. He still hasn't made up his mind when Stiles moves forward and grabs a large bright-red suitcase from the conveyer belt, causing him to agonise over his own ineptitude when it comes to words. Now that there's nothing else to focus on, Derek can almost hear his precious time dwindling, his confidence slipping away the longer he leaves his confession. When Stiles extends the handle of his suitcase and places the wheels on the floor with a smile, Derek feels the last shreds of his resolve fade."Fuck it," he says under his breath.Stiles tilts his head to the side, confused. "What?"Instead of answering, Derek throws caution to the wind, fists the front of Stiles' graphic T-shirt and crashes their lips together. Stiles startles against him and for a few seconds doesn't kiss him back. It's enough time for Derek to regret his actions, but then, before he can disentangle himself, Stiles' body loses its rigidity and his lips press more forcefully against Derek's. It's not his first kiss, and it sounds stupid even in his own head, but somehow Derek suddenly understands all those dumb stories about seeing fireworks."That was unexpected," Stiles pants when they eventually part.Derek chuckles quietly, bowing his head."What took you so long?""What d'you mean?""I've been waiting for you to do that for weeks now," Stiles says, pressing their foreheads together. "I guess you really did miss me, huh?""Something like that, yeah...""Well, whatever the reason, I'm happy you made a move."Derek sighs and takes a step back so that he can look at Stiles' face without going crosseyed. "I just...I didn't want to screw things up," he explains, letting everything pour out of him. His voice becomes strained the longer he goes on, until he's rambling and not even pausing to breathe. "I tried to keep my distance from you after we met because I was so sure it wouldn't end well, but I just couldn't stay away. Just being friends was enough for a while, but then hanging out every day made everything worse and I was still falling for you and you sent me your book and I know we're not soulmates but I didn't care anymore—""Hey, wait a minute," Stiles interpolates. "We are soulmates, though."Derek is flabbergasted. "W-what? No we aren't.""Yeah, we are. I thought you knew and just needed time to come to terms with it.""Are you serious?""Here."Stiles rolls up the sleeve of his flannel shirt and, sure enough, there it is, written on the pale skin of his wrist in black ink:
Derek Hale
"But...how?" Derek gapes, reaching out to trace the letters with shaking fingers. He almost expects them to rub off under his touch but no, his name stays there, permanently printed on the inside of Stiles' wrist. "I don't have your name, though."Stiles frowns. "Let me see."Derek pulls up the sleeve of his jacket and holds out his arm for Stiles to inspect. The younger man shakes his head when he sees the name, and Derek thinks for a moment that he was right, that there has been some cosmic mistake and his name is on Stiles' wrist but Stiles' isn't on his. But then his companion releases a short bark of laughter that bemuses him but allays most of his fears. "What's so funny?" he enquires tentatively, allowing his sleeve to fall back into place when Stiles lets go of his arm."That's my name," Stiles chortles."It is?""Yeah. My real name. Wow, we're both idiots.""Your real name isn't Stiles?" Derek asks hopefully, ignoring the insult."Nope. It's a nickname I've had ever since I was a kid because my actual name was too hard for anyone but my parents to pronounce," Stiles explains, smiling. "I was named after one of their relatives but it obviously never stuck. And then, when I got my publishing deal, it was decided that I'd stick with the nickname to avoid confusion and hopefully help my books sell better. God, I'm so sorry I put you through all this! It didn't even cross my mind that this mixup could've happened someday. We could've avoided this ridiculous tiptoeing and been together for weeks now. That's pretty embarrassing. But hey, at least we're here now, right?""Right," Derek agrees, feeling elated because he doesn't have to hold himself back anymore. Stiles is actually his, and he is Stiles'. He has been for months, truthfully. Then, he groans. "Laura's going to love this...""That's your older sister, right?""Yeah. She'll probably be able to stretch this ammunition out for years.""I can't wait to meet her. She sounds like quite the woman.""She is. I can't believe this is actually happening.""Been pining for me for a while, huh?""More than you know," Derek admits bashfully, looking down at his shoes."Ugh, you're so freaking cute!" Stiles exults, making Derek's face redden even further. "I must be the luckiest soulmate on the whole damn planet."Derek says nothing but reaches for Stiles' hand and interlaces their fingers."Yup, so cute...""Oh, shut up," Derek mumbles. "You ready to get out of here?""Definitely," Stiles replies.Hands still linked, they push through the crowded airport until they reach the equally crowded street. The ache in Derek's chest is completely gone, replaced by a contentment so profound that he's unable to wipe the smile from his face. He probably looks like a complete dork, but a glance to his right reveals that Stiles is in the same boat, so he doesn't feel too bad about it."What do you want to do now?" Derek asks as they stroll leisurely along, lost in their own world."Well, I don't know about you, but I could really go for some coffee.""Are you asking me out on a date?""Maybe. You interested?""I'd love to.""Mr. Zimmermann, could we maybe take a photo of you with your purchases for our Instagram?" The cashier smiles up at him hopefully, eyes wide behind her thick-framed glasses, completely oblivious to Jack's discomfort. "Alexei Mashkov comes in here sometimes, and he always lets us. It's a great boost for the artists!"Jack looks down at the maple-leaf-shaped potholders he's buying and agrees with a sigh. He doesn't want to piss off his new neighbors only a week after moving in.The potholders had grabbed his eye because they look realistic, like actual maple leaves instead of the one on the flag, with veins and gradations of color. They don't scream "Canadian", at least. Hopefully they're subtle enough to not look cheesy hanging up in his kitchen.He poses with a tense smile. The potholders might not look cheesy in his kitchen, but the entire world will see a photo of him buying them and feel like they have a right to chirp him for it. Luckily, he doesn't use his Instagram that much, and he generally ignores any mentions from people he doesn't already know. He makes a mental note to stay off of it for the next week.At least the collage he picked out for his living room shouldn't draw any unwanted attention."How did you find out about us?" the cashier asks as she rings him up. "Did Mr. Mashkov send you?""Oh, I, uh." Jack figures there's no point in lying, since he'll probably be seen in the neighborhood regularly now. "I just moved into Alexei's building. I lived in that apartment building by the river that caught fire last month.""Oh my goodness!" She freezes for a second as she's taking his credit card. "You were okay, though?""Oh, sure," he replies with a reassuring smile. "My unit actually escaped with just smoke damage, but, y'know. The whole building got condemned, so here I am now.""Well, welcome to the neighborhood!"He'd been hoping that moving into Tater's building would mean that the allure of having a hockey star around would have worn off, but apparently not. He knows Tater has a much higher tolerance than he does for fan interactions; not surprising, given that he's the most gregarious person on the team while Jack is the most introverted. He probably should have known that Tater would encourage this sort of thing.He likes his new apartment, at least, but it's a little frustrating having to feel like he's starting over after four years in Providence.After the fire, when there'd happened to be a unit for sale in Tater's building, Jack had jumped at the opportunity to avoid a new round of real estate agents and viewings. Jack would never have taken Tater for a hipster, but this part of town is significantly trendier than where Jack lived before. There are cupcake shops and bistros and used bookstores. Jack had decided he could get used it, that it might be fun to have a neighborhood he can walk around in.And it is a nice little area. He's been here a week and this morning was the first chance he's gotten to really explore it, going out in search of things to decorate his new place with.He'd started out at the antique shop on the corner a few doors down from his building. There hadn't been much there that was to his taste, and the women who ran it had recognized him immediately and begged him for selfies, followed by a hundred hockey questions. He'd finally found a lamp that he liked and escaped.Around the corner, he'd passed by a "makerspace," whatever that is, a few clothing stores, and a dog groomer before finding this little shop selling handmade items from a variety of local artists on consignment.Jack is exhausted as he leaves the store. He's only been out for a couple of hours, but he's not sure how many more fans he can handle talking to today.But he does want to see a little more of the area, so instead of going straight back home, he decides to go around the block and approach his building from the other side, just to see what's around.He doesn't intend to go into any more shops; he can find out later whether the rest of the neighborhood will be starstruck. But as he approaches the corner directly opposite the antique shop, he's struck by the most heavenly smell. It's about lunchtime, and his diet isn't as strict during the summer, so it can't hurt to follow his nose to the source, can it?The source appears to be right across the street. A brightly-painted storefront catches his eye immediately. The sign at the top, which appears to be hand-lettered, declares this to be "Bitter/Sweet Coffee & Pastries," with a stylized cup of coffee to one side and pie to the other.Now that he's seen the sign, Jack can pick out coffee as a definite part of the scent that's captivated him. But whatever baked goods they have in there are nearly as fragrant, and Jack is sure he smells something fruity along with yeasty bread and spices and some sweet smells he can't begin to identify. Before he really even realizes what he's doing, his feet have carried him through the front door and into the short line in front of the cash register.As he waits for the three people in front of him to order, he starts to have second thoughts. Does he really need the stress of yet another round of selfies and autographs?But just as he's about to turn around, his eyes land on the chalkboard behind the counter. Across the top it says "Pie of the Day" in the same scrolled lettering as the sign out front, and below that, in an entirely different handwriting, it says "Maple Pecan."Jack glances down at the bag with his potholders hidden in it just as his stomach rumbles.Okay, as long as these people don't want to post a photo to their Instagram of him posing with the maple-flavored pie.When he's second in line, he realizes that the cashier has a deep southern accent. He sighs in relief; maybe this guy won't recognize him. The cashier is short, blonde, and cute. He has a trendy haircut with the sides shaved; the top is sticking up in various directions with product, but the front flops down over his forehead on one side. The shaved sides have grown in a little, and Jack pushes down the sudden desire to see how soft they are. He has the vague feeling he may have seen this guy before, but he doesn't remember meeting anyone in Providence with a southern accent like that.Sure enough, when Jack gets to the register the man shows no sign of recognition as he grins and drawls, "And how can I help you, sir?""A cup of black coffee and a slice of the maple pecan pie, please."The cashier pauses as he's ringing it up and raises an eyebrow at Jack. "I'm sorry, the maple what now?""Uh, the maple pecan pie?" He motions to the sign, a little confused. "It says up there that's what you have today?"The cashier shakes his head. His eyebrow is still raised, but there's a glint of humor in his eye. "What that sign says, sir, is maple pih-cawn pie.""Oh. Um." Jack shuffles his feet a little, not really sure what to do. The man seems to be joking, but even if he is, Jack has no clue how to respond."Tell you what," the cashier says, and his mouth melts back into a good-natured grin that makes Jack relax immediately. "a) At least you don't say it like all the other damn yankees who come through here, and b) I like the rest of your accent well enough, so I'll let it slide."The way he winks playfully finally puts Jack at ease enough to play along. "That's very kind of you, allowing me to spend my money in your shop.""What can I say? My southern hospitality kicks in at times like these."Jack pays for his food and moves off to one side to let the next person in line through. A minute later, the short Asian girl making drinks slides a coffee cup and a plate of pie onto the counter in front of him."Next time at least make him order a more interesting drink, Bits." She throws Jack a smirk as she addresses the cashier."Next time?" Jack says, managing to keep a straight face. "You really think I'm ever setting foot in here again?"The cashier (Bits? What kind of name is that?) glances over with a grin. "After you eat that pie, I guarantee it. In fact, if you eat that and then don't think you'll be back, I'll refund your money. But then you're never allowed in here again, and I will stand by that."Jack laughs as he picks up the plate to take it to a seat by the window. "All right, it's a deal."The pie is absolutely sinful. Jack loves pecan pie, and obviously he loves anything maple, but he's never had them combined before. And he can tell that whoever made it used real maple syrup, not some imitation flavoring. And the crust is the flakiest, most buttery pie crust he thinks he's ever tasted. It's all he can do to keep from moaning in a very embarrassing way as he eats.When he's finished, he takes his plate back up to set it in the dish tub at the end of the counter.The cashier is helping someone, but manages to catch his eye and cock one questioning eyebrow."I'll see you next week," Jack tells him. The grin he gets in return is smug, knowing, and incredibly sexy.He's nearly back to his building before he realizes that nobody in that shop said one word to him about hockey or autographs or selfies. He will definitely be back. Jack intends to only go to Bitter/Sweet on his cheat days. And he does go then… but after a couple of weeks he finds himself going on other days, too. It quickly becomes a habit, to stop in at the end of his morning run to grab a coffee. He manages to hold himself back from going every day, but he finds himself there at least a couple times a week. He still limits how often he lets himself sample the pastries (although his nutritionist would be aghast to find out how often he gives in), but he lets himself be talked into sweeter, fancier coffees now and then.Once he discovers that it's less crowded in the afternoon, he starts dropping by after practice. Because when it's less crowded, he has more time to talk to the people behind the counter. Well, okay, one person behind the counter.He quickly learns that the hot southern cashier is named Eric, and he's not just a cashier—he owns the shop and is the head baker. He says that means he chooses or creates all the recipes they use and sources all the ingredients, but he doesn't do all the actual baking himself; he has two employees who come in just in the early mornings to help him with that. In the afternoon it's just him and Larissa (who is Eric's friend from college, and whom he calls Lardo for some reason while she calls him Bitty or Bits), or sometimes just Eric alone, but during the breakfast rush there's usually at least one other employee, rotating between a couple of college kids whose names Jack doesn't manage to get.Jack doesn't flirt with Eric, not really. They just have friendly conversations, usually about nothing important. Where Eric got the idea for some new pastry, what Jack thinks of the neighborhood. Eric is definitely attractive, and, Jack can admit, just his type—wiry, compact build but clearly muscular, huge brown eyes, slightly floppy blonde hair. His confidence and natural charm only add to it. And Jack may or may not be a sucker for that southern accent.Jack doesn't want to assume, but the guy definitely pings his gaydar pretty strongly, and the pride flags (gay, bi, and a couple others Jack doesn't recognize but assumes are along the same lines) hanging in the cafe don't exactly contradict that assessment.Even if Jack were out, even though he's about 75% sure he's going to come out next summer, he knows that asking out someone who's just doing their job is pretty crass. But… he'd be tempted. If he were out, that is. Which he's not. So it's really not an issue.They've definitely spent enough time talking that Jack is confident Eric isn't just being polite to him like he would any other customer. Eric even initiates the conversations most of the time when it's not busy. But Eric is outgoing and friendly and probably has several regulars he talks to like this, so it would be really rude of Jack to corner him in his place of work.So he wouldn't. Even if he could.He reminds himself of this fact regularly, whenever he gets a little too caught up in Eric's huge brown eyes or the way his biceps move under his t-shirt when he's working the espresso machine.Neither Eric nor Larissa ever mentions a thing about hockey, or about Jack being famous, and Jack is immensely relieved to have found the one place in Providence where he's never treated like a celebrity. He wonders, though, as August comes to an end, whether they'll figure it out once the season starts. If they hadn't followed hockey before, of course they wouldn't notice anyone's names or faces. But now that they know what he looks like and that his name is Jack, if they see a Falconers commercial on TV or happen across a post-game interview they'll know it's him.He just hopes they don't suddenly start treating him differently. He'd hate to lose the one spot where he feels comfortable. He's been going there for nearly two months when it happens.It's one of his afternoon visits, and Eric is talking about what new flavors he should try for various pastries. Jack, with a completely straight face, refuses to suggest anything but maple for every single thing Eric mentions.Eric finally rolls his eyes, laughing. "Oh my goodness. You do understand, Mr. Zimmermann, that most of our clientele are not Canadian?"Jack freezes, his heart racing. He's only ever given his first name here."Oh," he says, suddenly subdued. "You do know who I am."His brain immediately reevaluates every interaction he's ever had here in light of the fact that Eric has known he's famous all along. He's not being so nice because he likes Jack. He just wants a piece of him, like everyone else. He was just buttering him up so that eventually he can ask for something bigger than just a selfie or autograph—maybe some kind of endorsement for the cafe or something, who knows.Eric just laughs, leaning on the counter with his elbows. He cocks his head to one side playfully."Of course I know who you are, silly. Hell, I played against you for two years in college."Jack's head snaps up from where he'd been staring intently at his coffee cup. "You what?""Sorry about kicking your ass in the Frozen Four your senior year," Eric continues with a smirk. "Mind you, if we'd actually won the championship I would not even pretend to be sorry at all."Jack's brow furrows as he looks closely at Eric. "You went to Samwell? And played hockey?""Yep, believe it or not. Scholarship and everything. Lardo over there was our team manager…"Eric rattles off a few more facts about Samwell's team while Jack studies him. Then Jack suddenly realizes why Eric had looked vaguely familiar the first day he'd come in here."You were one of their starting forwards. Left wing, I think?" He finally manages to smile again. "You were fast."Eric straightens, his eyebrows shooting up. "That is some memory you've got. Not like I was captain or anything. Not sure I ever even got a goal against you all; I mean, we only played you a couple times a year."Jack had gone to Boston University to play after his overdose killed his initial NHL chances. Samwell had been in another conference, so no, they hadn't played each other often."I, um, I'm pretty thorough with my research on the teams I play against, especially for playoffs."Jack does not say that the main reason he still remembers Eric Bittle several years later isn't that he'd watched tape of him zipping across the ice faster than almost anyone else in the NCAA. That helps, but the main reason is that even then he'd noticed Eric was cute—and had heard that he was openly gay, a rarity even at the college level. As captain, he'd had to chew out one of his teammates for making a nasty comment about that in the locker room after they'd lost.They chat a little more about their college hockey experiences in between Eric helping a couple of customers. He learns that Eric was a figure skater first, which accounts for his speed, before switching to hockey in high school."Wait, you'd only been playing for three years, on a no-contact club team, and you got a Division I scholarship? Holy shit, man. If you'd been playing as long as I have, you'd have my job, easy."Eric blushes and looks down at the counter. "Nah, even if I were that good, I don't think going pro would be for me. I'm pretty happy right where I am, y'know? And anyhow…" He glances back at the gay pride flag hanging behind the counter and rolls his eyes."Yeah," Jack says, a little more subdued. "The NHL definitely has some problems. Pro sports in general has problems, but the NHL is maybe worse than most." He has to hold himself back from saying anything more personal on the issue.Instead, he changes the subject. "So if you're from Georgia—" It had come up once when Eric was selling him on the peach pie. "—and went to college in Massachusetts, how'd you wind up in Providence of all places?""Well, it wasn't my first choice, I'll admit. I worked at a bakery in Boston right out of college. But when I started looking into running my own place, it did not take long for me to figure out that it would be easier to turn a profit pretty much anywhere with lower rent than Boston. And Lardo was about to come down here to start her MFA at RISD, so we could be roomies and she could help me out here. I mean, obviously if money were the only concern, it woulda been cheaper for me to move on back down to Georgia and open up shop there, but, well. Let's just say I've gotten used to the liberal leanings of the northeast.""In Georgia they wouldn't want to see quite so many pride flags hanging up," Jack guesses."You could say that," Eric says with a wry twist to his mouth. "I mean, I'd be fine in Athens or most parts of Atlanta, but it's just easier here. And don't tell anyone this, but the whole four separate seasons thing has kinda grown on me."Jack laughs. But then something clicks in his head."So wait… you call her Lardo, and she calls you Bitty or Bits. Were those your hockey nicknames in school?"Eric throws his head back with laughter. "Yes! Oh goodness, I don't even think about that anymore. It's just second nature to respond to Eric or Bitty or Bits or Bittle or almost anything people wanna call me at this point. Y'know…" He leans in conspiratorially, and Jack feels himself lean in unconsciously as well. "Since you're a hockey player, you should feel free to call me Bitty, too. All my friends do."Jack's heart gives a funny little jump at being included as a friend."Bitty, huh?" Jack smiles. "Nicknames have never stuck for me. Tater calls me Zimmboni, but it's just him, thank god. Please don't call me that. Ever.""So your whole team just calls you Jack?" Eric—Bitty—gets this adorable little wrinkle in his nose, as if the thought of a hockey player having no nickname is so distasteful."Basically. I mean, occasionally Zimmermann. I'm fine with Jack, though. I like my name."Bitty just smiles at him for a second, then turns to Larissa, who just finished helping a customer Bitty managed to miss while talking to Jack."Hey, should Jack call you Larissa or Lardo?""Christ, Lardo, please," she mutters, looking down at her phone. "I've never liked Larissa."Maybe it's naive of him, but Jack is okay with Bitty (and Lardo) knowing who he is. In fact, he maybe even likes it. Bitty clearly doesn't see it as a big deal at all—just something they have in common.He's still curious, though."So you knew who I was this whole time, and never said anything?"Bitty shrugs. "Figured you get enough of that, you probably want a chance to talk about anything other'n hockey now and then."Jack makes a scoffing sound in the back of his throat as he picks at the sleeve around his now-empty coffee cup."Generally, anyone who knows who I am wants autographs and pictures first thing," he mumbles. "If not more."He's startled by Bitty's warm hand on his arm. It's the first time they've touched outside of accidental brushes of fingers as his drink is handed over. He hopes he's not blushing."Well, don't you forget, now—you're not the only NHL player I know."Jack pauses, thinking. "That's right. Adam Birkholtz and Chris Chow played in that game, too."Birkholtz was a year behind Jack in school; he'd gone to the AHL for a year before getting moved up to the Bruins. And Chow had signed with Seattle straight out of college.Jack really isn't anything special here. That's… oddly reassuring.Bitty's wide smile shows how proud he is of his friends. His hand is still heavy on Jack's arm. "Obviously, they're not at your level, but don't you forget that I am quite used to hanging out with tall, handsome hockey players."Bitty moves off to help a customer, his hand sliding off of Jack's arm maybe a bit more slowly than it absolutely has to. Or maybe that's Jack's imagination. After all, Bitty may have just insinuated that he found Jack handsome, but he'd also said that his friends from college were handsome, so it didn't mean anything.Didn't mean a thing, Jack reminds himself as he tosses his cup and says goodbye to Bitty. But he's smiling to himself as he walks home.He'd thought he'd found a place where they didn't know who he was and so could treat him like anyone else. It's even better to know that it's actually a place where they do know who he is, but default to treating him like a human being anyhow.Viktor Nikiforov pinched the bridge of his nose with a sigh as he walked through the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The warm air and surrounding palm trees did nothing to improve his mood.   Here he was, a 27 year old and 4-time Oscar award winning actor, leaving his home for the first time in days because he was bored. This whole ‘take a break until inspiration returns’ thing is not going well.    Viktor had been the only child of two famous actors, allowing him a one-way ticket into the spotlight. Growing up as a child actor had been a wonderful opportunity, he knew, but after dedicating his life to the art, everything had started blurring together to make one big blob of grey.      He had announced his temporary discontinuation of acting a week ago, his explanation being a flimsy and cliché “I want to focus on myself for a while”. The truth was, every role felt the same. Every country looked the same. Every costar acted the same. There was nothing surprising anymore.    Purposefully isolating himself in his twenty-million dollar mansion had done nothing besides make him restless and agitated. The fact that he only had two friends whom cared about his state of mind also added to his dour mood. Seeing as they were fellow actors really showed how much of a life Viktor had outside his career.     He should be grateful for Chris and Yuri, the two had been concerned about his sudden cessation in acting, well; Yuri covered his concern with annoyance and anger. (But Viktor knew he was worried)   Viktor had been wandering aimlessly for at least twenty minutes, and only now realized he had turned down a quiet street. He looked at the storefronts lining the boulevard before one caught is eye.   It was a coffee shop with gold and black accents and an awning that was reminiscent of Japanese architecture. Viktor found himself blinking in pleasant surprise. He loved being surprised. He tilted his head up to find the name of the shop; Ice Castle Café.    Feeling some of his bad mood leave him, Viktor walked to the door with a tiny hop in his step. The interior was even better than the exterior. Cherry blossoms branches were set in pots and distributed in corners while small vases of the flowers were placed in the center of each table.    All the walls were mocha colored except the far back wall, which had painting of a Japanese castle taking up the entire face. There was even a small built-in pond with two koi fish and a tiny waterfall flowing into it.    The entire aura of the place was relaxing. The sound of the trickling water and the aromatic smell of coffee beans made the tension in Viktor’s shoulders immediately loosen.   There was a fair amount of people within the café, most sitting at tables with books or laptops and a cup of coffee placed beside them. There was a small line, and Viktor felt light as he quickly walked over to join.   He pulled out his phone to research the place while he waited. Ice Castle Café was apparently built only a year and a half ago, and was owned by the Nishigori family. Viktor was amazed to note the two owners, Yuuko and Takeshi, were only 25.    “What would you like today?” A gentle, smooth voice interrupted his reading. Viktor closed his phone and opened his mouth to order as he looked up.   The words died in his throat and he felt like he was just punched in the gut when all the air in his lungs suddenly deserted him.    There was a goddamn angel in front of him.    Viktor knew he could be exceedingly dramatic at even the best of times, Yuri would testify a thousand times to that, but for once Viktor felt his thoughts had fallen pathetically short of truth.    The man in front of him was at least three inches shorter than Viktor. His build was slender, but there was a casual grace and elegance about him. His skin was pale and Viktor had to make a note to contact every skin care company he knew to tell them someone had found the one true solution to perfect skin.   His glossy jet black hair was pushed back out of his face with a light layer of gel that made it look like he just walked off the set of a motorcycle commercial with the effortless windswept look this man pulled off.    But all of those flawless qualities paled in comparison to his eyes.    Blue-rimmed glasses were perched on his nose but they did nothing to hide the unique maroon color of his irises. His eyes were wide and innocent and gleaming and Viktor felt he could read every emotion that passed through them.     “U-um, sir?” The blush that was slowly spreading across the man’s cheeks was the most endearing sight Viktor had ever witnessed. Realizing Viktor had been staring for over a minute, he coughed into his fist to distract from the burning he could feel on his own face.    “Oh, sorry, s-spaced out for a moment. I’d like to order a blackberry white mocha, please.” In the back of his mind, Viktor was balking at the fact that he, Viktor Nikiforov, an actor, had just stuttered like a middle-schooler.    The silver haired man swore he was going to die when the man gave him a small, shy smile. His heart had stopped. Yup, it finally happened. He died. He knew his hair was thinning; it was only a matter of time. He was dead. The person in front of his was an angel. Did this mean there was a heaven?    Viktor was both grateful and devastated when the man turned away to enter the order into the register. On one hand, Viktor didn’t want to die when he had just witnessed true beauty. On the other hand, he didn’t want to look at anything other than that tiny smile he had been given.    “That’ll be $3.59.” The devastation flew out the window once those beautiful eyes were back on him. The blush was still on the man’s face and Viktor had never felt more elated.    Unconsciously his hand reached into his pocket and pulled out some sort of bill and handed it to the man. Sheepishness overcame the man’s face as he looked back at Viktor.    “How would you like your change?” The words finally shook Viktor out of whatever trance he had been in. The actor finally took back conscious control of his body and smiled at the man.   “No change.” The angel’s lips parted in a tiny ‘o’ and he blinked in shock.    “But sir, you gave me a $50!” He did? Oh well. Viktor shrugged and swallowed.    “That’s alright.” A look of distress crossed the man’s face. Viktor didn’t like it.    “Sir, I really must protest-“ Viktor shook his head with a kind of smile he had never felt on his own face.    “Think of it as a thank you.” The most adorable pout of confusion Viktor had ever seen was on the ravenette’s face. Viktor decided to elaborate.    “I wasn’t having a very good day, but when I entered this café, it really made me relax. Everything about it is very tranquil.” A tiny quirk of the man’s lips told Viktor the man understood.   “Okay.” He said softly. “Thank you. If you take a seat, I can bring the coffee over when it’s ready.” Exchanging smiles, Viktor turned around and took a seat at the table closest to the koi fishpond. It was then Viktor realized the man hadn’t recognized him.   Well, it wasn’t too farfetched. Viktor usually wore a wig in his movies. Silver hair wasn’t “realistic” enough for the directors.    Viktor pulled out his phone as a decoy as he looked over it to watch the man working behind the counter. He moved like he was gliding on ice. A sudden, terrible thought occurred to him. What if this was Takeshi Nishigori? If this man was married...   His horrible thoughts were stopped with the arrival of the man. He smiled cutely and placed the mug and plate in front of Viktor. It smelled divine. Before the man could walk away, Viktor asked a casual (significant) question.    “I do really love the design of this place, did you have any input?” The man paused and once again blinked in surprise, his thick eyelashes fanning his cheeks.    “Me? Oh, a little. My best friends own the place, and they consulted with me about a few ideas.”    Viktor needed to keep this man talking. It was a good thing no one was waiting to be served, and that Viktor had thousands of questions to ask this man; ‘What’s your name, what’s your profession, are you single, can we spend the rest of our lives together’ stuff like that.    “Which ideas were yours?” The employee seemed startled at the interest Viktor was showing, but once again gave the shy smile.    “The cherry blossoms.” Viktor visibly perked up and clasped his hands together in excitement.    “They were your idea?” A hesitant nod later, Viktor smile brightened even more.    “A beautiful touch.” The actor finally let a bit of his flirty attitude return as he stared into the wonderful burgundy eyes of the angel. He was rewarded with another blush. This one reached the man’s ears, turning the tips a light pink.    “T-thank you, sir.” Recognizing his chance, Viktor held out his hand.    “Call me Viktor!” The actor couldn’t remember the last time he had smiled so genuinely. The man’s eyes widened slightly before he tentatively placed his hand in Viktor’s.    “Yuuri.” The name was different from his friend’s, Viktor could hear to drawn out ‘u’ and it made him internally shiver. Yuuri’s hand was slightly smaller than Viktor’s, and was soft, but also strong. The actor gripped the hand gently, almost reverently. Is he too old to start a new religion? It didn’t seem like too many people would protest worshiping this perfect man.    “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Yuuri.” Viktor never thought he could love saying a name so much. The blush on Yuuri’s face had darkened, but he gripped back and then a bright grin lit up his face.    “Nice to meet you too, Viktor.” He wasn’t ready for that combination. He just wasn’t ready. He might have been able to handle just the smile, or just Yuuri saying his name, but both at once? Forget it. He felt his brain short circuit.    “Would you mind sitting with me?”    What.   Viktor never blurted anything. Ever. He wasn’t a blurter. He prided himself on being calm and collected around those he didn’t consider friends.    He was screwed.   Yuuri had a stunned look on his face. Oh no, Viktor didn’t think he could handle a rejection from this gorgeous man.    In the silence, the two abruptly recognized that their hands were still clasped. Both released their hold with flushed cheeks. Yuuri brought his hands beside his back and looked away.    “Um, well, I’m still working–” Viktor felt his soul die.    “But! But I end in an hour…”    “I’ll wait!” Yes, he supposed he said that louder than he should have, but he really couldn’t care less at the moment. He realized he could, actually, care less when Yuuri gave him that bright smile again. Viktor would talk too loudly for the rest of his life if it got him that smile.    Not the most romantic thought he’s ever had, but it was still pretty good.    “Alright. Enjoy the coffee, Viktor.” With one last shy smile, Yuuri turned and left to return to his post. It was perfect timing, really, because a family of four had just walked in.   Viktor’s heart was beating a mile a minute. He had never felt this exhilarated. Not when he won his first award, not when he started doing his own stunts, not even when he got his beloved dog, Makkachin.    He looked at his phone to notice it was 12:30. Okay, he could do this. He could be patient.    Deciding this place wasn’t nearly as popular as it should be, Viktor opened his Instagram and angled the picture to get the coffee, the painting, and some cherry blossoms in it. He didn’t even have to filter it for the picture to look amazing.    He thought for a moment about a caption before quickly typing it in and tagging the location.    [Image]
New favorite café! #Icecastlecafe #Hollywoodhiddentreasure   Not a few minutes later, his phone vibrated with a text from Chris.    [Chris]
Finally out of the house! He lives!   [You]
I could not be more thankful for the action of wandering aimlessly   [Chris]
Oh no, you got lost didn’t you   [You]
Technically yes, but I found beauty for the first time   [Chris]
Ouch, that hurts. A real blow to my ego.
What did you find? If this is another joke about you finding a poster of yourself…   [You]
I have never known true beauty   [Chris]
Oh hell, this is another joke isn’t it?   [Chris]
Wait   [Chris]
Holy fuck you met someone   [Chris]
HOLY FUCK
If you don’t start responding I’m going to find out for myself. It’s your fault you tagged your location.    [You]
If my heart feels like it’s going to simultaneously stop and explode, that means love, right?   [Chris]
Holy fuck, this is actually happening. Details.    [You]
He’s gorgeous. An angel. Flawless. Walks like he’s dancing.    [Chris]
Hmm, think you can handle him? If not, I’m open.   [You]
I would kill you a million times over.   [Chris]
Possessive Viktor is a new one.    [You]
He ends his shift in a little while. I’m waiting. I’ll let you know how it goes.   [Chris]
You better   Viktor doesn’t bother responding to that text. Only twenty minutes have passed and he’s dying. He is not patient.    He takes the last sip of his now lukewarm coffee before pulling a small notepad out of his pocket. He flipped to the third page and started writing.    When he had researched ‘how to be happier’ one of the ideas was to write down things you loved, liked, cherished, etc. He had only filled up two tiny pages, which was kind of pitiful, but now his hand was flying across the page.    Cherry blossoms, coffee, blushes, the color maroon, cafés, art, smiles.   He felt like a complete sap but he just kept writing. He was able to add two whole pages to his list. Most of the words were just adjectives to describe Yuuri. As he was putting the notepad and pencil away, he looked up.    Yuuri had just stopped in front of him with a nervous smile. His apron was gone, and Viktor could see he was wearing a black V-neck and jeans.    “Um, may I sit down?” Beaming, Viktor nodded rapidly.    “Of course!” The actor sat up straighter as Yuuri lowered himself into the chair. Viktor looked at the counter to see a dark skinned boy taking orders.   “That’s Phichit. He was actually my roommate in college. We moved here together.” Yuuri said upon noticing Viktor’s gaze. The actor’s blood ran cold at that sentence. Were they together? He tried to think of a way to get the truth without outright asking.    “Where did you go to college?” Viktor saw Yuuri relax slightly as the man grinned.   “The University of Detroit.” Viktor tilted his head.   “Long way from Hollywood. What brought you here?” The maroon-eyed man reached up and scratched the back of his neck bashfully.   “I was recruited to dance at the Hasetsu Theater.” Viktor’s jaw dropped. The Hasetsu Theater was the goal of any performer. Only the best of the best are hired.   “Yuuri, that’s amazing! What kind of dance?” Viktor rested his chin in his hand and stared at Yuuri with what he knew was complete awe. The blush came back to the dancer’s face.   “I started with ballet, but now I do… well, pretty much everything. I majored in dance and business in college. You had to be able to dance every style to graduate.”    “What’s your favorite style?” Viktor became very intrigued by the deep red color that spread over Yuuri’s face.   “Well, um, I love the flamenco and salsa… and pldncing” Viktor tilted his head; Yuuri had mumbled the last part under his breath.   “What was that last one?” Yuuri coughed in embarrassment and looked away.   “Uh, pole dancing.” Viktor’s jaw dropped. Yuuri sat up and held his hands out while he shook them.   “It’s a really good workout and fun to do and I was forced to take a class by my friends to make me more social and then the teacher thought I was good and made me take more and then it just kept progressing.” The poor man was rambling and flushing ten shades of red. Viktor was really trying to get the distracting images out of his head to try to reassure the younger man.   “I’ve heard the sport is very hard, most athletes can’t get it down easily.” Yuuri paused and finally released a long breath. He ducked his head.    “It’s embarrassing.” Viktor grinned.    “You could have said your favorite dance is disco.” Yuuri burst out laughing before trying to smother the giggles with his hands. Viktor had no idea what his face looked like right now, but if he had to guess, it would be enamored.    “You have a beautiful laugh.” Yuuri froze and his eyes widened behind his glasses in shock. The ever-present blush deepened.    “Thank you…” Yuuri averted his eyes and said softly “I like your eyes.” Viktor had been complemented before. Of course he has. By fans, magazines, newscasters, producers, and more. But no complement from them had ever made him as warm as the one from Yuuri.    They were silent for a little while, just staring at each other. The moment was broken when a camera shutter went off. The two jumped and turned to see Phichit grinning madly with his phone held up.    “Phichit!” Yuuri gasped his hands coming up to cover his face. Viktor took this time to analyze his possible competition. Phichit was obviously a bit younger than Yuuri. His hair was also black, but it was messy and hung on his forehead. His eyes were dark grey and he was a bit shorter than Yuuri.    “Sorry, sorry, but you two look like you’ve just seen the world for the first time after being blind.” Phichit winked at Yuuri playfully before turning to hold out his hand to Viktor.    “Hi there! I’m Phichit, Yuuri’s best friend on the face of this planet.” Viktor heard Yuuri groan from across from his but almost couldn’t hear it over the relief spreading through his body. Best friend. Not boyfriend. Thank god. Viktor reached out to shake Phichit’s hand.   “Viktor. Can I see that photo?”   “Viktor!” Yuuri exclaimed, his blush still going strong. Phichit perked up.   “Of course! I only got one cause I was stupid and left my sound on, but it’s actually a very good photo, we got the cherry blossoms in the background. I request full credit for documenting the beginning of this relationship.”   “Phichit!” Yuuri looked like he was about to combust. While the two bickered, Viktor stared at the photo on the phone screen in wonder. He has never seen that expression on his face, not in any of his movies or red carpet appearances.   His face was relaxed, a small smile was on his face, but his eyes had this look in them. It was soft and affectionate. The expression was reflected on Yuuri’s face. Viktor interrupted the best friends’ quarrel.   “I’m sending this to myself!” Viktor beamed and sent the picture to himself. Phichit took this as his cue to bolt when his phone was back in his hands to escape Yuuri. Said man was looking at Viktor in disbelief.   “Why did you do that?”   “Yuuri… I would really love to take you on a date.” Yuuri blinked and his mouth once again formed the tiny ‘o’. Viktor was trying not to fidget in his seat as he waited for his answer.   “You- really? Me?” Yuuri looked shell-shocked. Viktor nodded his head vigorously.   “Yes, you. It would make my–”   “Yes!” Viktor froze and stared at the beaming man in front of him.   “Really?” The actor held his breath.   “I would love to go on a date with you, Viktor.” The breath left Viktor’s lungs in a whoosh. Soon, Viktor’s smile reflected Yuuri’s; both of them looking like grinning idiots.   Another camera shutter went off.   “Phichit!”Derek loves his job. He loves waking up early in the morning before the sun rises, walking to his car in the cold morning with the frost crunching beneath his boots. He loves opening up the coffee shop, how it’s quiet and still when it’s empty. He loves the smell of fresh coffee as it brews and the pastries baking in the oven. He loves Saturday mornings because people don’t start crowding in until around 9, near the end of his shift.Derek is rearranging the display of prebagged coffee and mugs for sale when the door opens. He glances over at the door and feels his face flush. It’s Stiles Stilinski, looking sleepy with disheveled hair and heavy eyes. He sees Derek and gives him a sleepy smile. Derek turns to rush behind the counter, pushing his glasses up his nose as he goes. “Hey,” Stiles greets him with a yawn as he rubs his eyes. He’s wearing a worn pair of maroon BHHS sweatpants and a grey lacrosse sweatshirt with maroon writing. “Give me something with a lot of caffeine. I don’t care what. Because, get this now, Finstock wants us to start practicing every Saturday at the ass crack of dawn. I didn’t even know five thirty a.m. existed on a Saturday.”Derek just stares at Stiles. “What kind of coffee would you like?”Stiles stops his flailing and rambling to look at Derek. “Huh? Dude, it is way too early for trick questions.”“How is that a trick question?” Derek asks. “This is a coffee shop. I asked you what kind of coffee you’d like.”Stiles whines and drops his head to the counter. “Coffee, caffeine, sustenance, please Derek.”“You – you know my name?” Derek stammers.Stiles lifts his head and looks at Derek in confusion. “Um, yeah? Derek Hale, captain of the basketball team.”“Oh.” Derek looks down at the counter and busies his hands by grabbing a cardboard coffee mug.“And dude, we have AP European history together.” Derek looks up shyly , over the rim of his glasses. Stiles is looking at him like he’s crazy. “The surprising part would be if you knew my name because, let’s face it, I’m not – ““Stiles,” Derek says quickly. “So you do know my name. Huh.” Stiles drops his head back to the counter. “Strongest coffee you have, with lots of sugar, cream, and caramel flavoring.”“That doesn’t sound like something you should drink before you go to practice,” Derek says.“Thanks, Dad.”Derek frowns and makes Stiles’ coffee. When Derek hands him the mug a few minutes later, Stiles takes a sip, and then immediately starts yelling. “Fuck, fuck, hot, hot!” Derek snickers, and Stiles glares at him. He takes off the lid and blows on it, then takes another sip. “Ah, nectar of the gods. Thanks, Derek.” Stiles drops a dollar in the tip jar then leaves the coffee shop. Derek stands there for half an hour afterwards, feeling like an idiot.*Lacrosse players and basketball players don’t really intermingle at school. There’s a big rivalry between some of the basketball players and some of the lacrosse players, and at the source of this rivalry is, of course, a girl.Lydia Martin, to be exact. Derek tries to stay away from the drama, but it’s difficult when one of his best friends and his sister is part of the drama. Lydia used to date Jackson from the lacrosse team. They were those typical dysfunctional high school sweethearts, the most popular girl and boy together because they were rich, attractive, and the tops of the totem pole. The end of junior year, Lydia and Jackson broke up, and Lydia started dating Aiden from the basketball team. Derek isn’t sure, but he thinks that was just a bunch of hormones and a reason to piss Jackson off. Over the summer, Lydia broke up with Aiden, and since she is best friends with Laura, she spent most of her time at the Hale house. Derek had to listen to the two of them breakdown the pros and cons of each boy more often than he was comfortable with. And they dragged him into conversations against his will more times than he cares to admit. His answer was always the same.“Parrish.”Laura always frowned at him, while Lydia gave him a cool, assessing stare. “You can’t always vote for your best friend, Derek.”“I kinda think that’s the point of best friends.”Since Parrish was one of Derek’s best friends, he also spent a lot of time at the Hale household. By the end of the summer, Lydia and Parrish were together and happy. It pissed off Jackson, it pissed off Aiden, and Lydia still walked around the school like she owned it. Because she does. No one messes with Lydia Martin and Laura Hale.Derek doesn’t like girls, but if he did, he still doesn’t think he’d understand the big deal about Lydia. Sure, she’s pretty, smart, and has nice breasts (if you were into that kind of thing), and red heads are awesome, but there are a lot of pretty girls at school. Like Allison Argent, Erica Reyes, Kira Yukimura, Malia Tate, Heather Johnson, and a lot of others. Derek tries to stay away from the drama as much as he can, but it’s a bigger part of his life than he likes. Which is why he’s sitting at the designated basketball table during lunch, surreptitiously glancing at Stiles at his designated table a few rows down, sitting with the lacrosse players.“Go talk to him,” Boyd says quietly beside Derek. Derek opens a bag of chips awkwardly.“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”Boyd sighs. “How long are you going to pine after Stilinski before you say something?” Derek watches Stiles flailing his arms around as he talks to Scott and Isaac, almost knocking down his chocolate milk in the process. “I don’t like him.”“Sure you don’t,” Erica says from Boyd’s other side. “Your total lack of liking him is the reason I know more about Stiles Stilinski than I ever wanted to.”“Be quiet!” Derek exclaims, glancing around the table. “See?” Erica grins. “Busted.”“You forget we have to go to lacrosse games, too,” Boyd points out.“Oh, I haven’t forgotten.”“Seriously, guys?” Derek glares at them.“Are you two torturing Derek again?” Parrish asks with an easy, wide smile as he drops into the seat next to Derek. “Us?” Erica blinks innocently. “We’d never.”Parrish snorts and opens up a can of Mountain Dew. “You’re worse than Boyd. I think it’s your mission to make Derek’s life hell. Yours and Laura’s.”“Sup, punks?” Cora sets her tray on the table across from Derek. “Derek, it’s too early in the day to be glaring that hard.”“That’s what I thought,” Parrish said. “I blamed Erica.”“Everyone always blames Erica,” Cora says, rolling her eyes. “You forget that’s Derek’s natural face. He picked out Serial Killer when choosing faces in the womb.”“I hate each of you,” Derek says as he grabs his food and stands from the table. “Derek, wait, come back!” Erica calls, Cora and Parrish echoing her. He doesn’t have to sit there and take that from his friends. His friends are lame and assholes. And in addition to that, he’ll never understand how fate saddled him with a twin sister and a sister only a year behind him in school whose only goals were to torture him. Talk about a nightmare.Derek takes his food out into the courtyard despite the cold, January air. There’s snow on the ground, and he kicks at some as he makes his way over to a table. “A little cold out here, isn’t it?” someone says a few minutes later. Derek looks up, and does a double take when he sees Stiles standing at his table. He adjusts the backpack on his shoulder, his lacrosse stick attached to it. He’s wearing a t-shirt, plaid shirt, and hoodie, no coat but a red beanie pulled over his head. “You’re not wearing a coat,” Derek states.Stiles rolls his eyes. “Thanks, Captain Obvious.” He shifts from one leg to the other, obviously cold. “Why are you eating out here?”“Ugh,” Derek glances at the door to the cafeteria. “My friends suck.”Stiles laughs, and Derek smiles to himself. He made Stiles laugh. He’s not sure how, but he’s taking it.“Don’t get frostbite,” Stiles says as he heads across the courtyard towards the door.Derek smiles as he takes a bite of his sandwich.*Derek works Saturday mornings, Thursday mornings before school, and Tuesday nights at the coffee shop. He’s at work on Tuesday when Stiles comes into the shop with half the lacrosse team. Derek speaks to Stiles, Isaac, and Scott when they order, but when Jackson comes up to the counter, he just sneers at Derek.“Why’d you drag me to this dump? They let any kind of trash work here,” Jackson says. “You know, I don’t think I want coffee from basketball scum.” Derek glares and Jackson smirks. “I think I hit a nerve. What is it, Hale? Did I hit a nerve, huh?” Jackson leans forward and lowers his voice. “It’s because you know you’re trash.”Derek rushes around the counter and comes up to Jackson, chest to chest. The guys are shouting around them, but he can’t hear anything above the whooshing in his ears. He’s seething, and Jackson has the audacity to laugh. “Fuck you, Jackson,” Derek spits out. He moves closer, and Jackson’s face twists into a mask of fury, his teeth bared and expression murderous. Someone grabs Derek’s arms to stop him from doing anything, and he sees Danny grab Jackson. “He’s not worth it,” Isaac says in Derek’s ear. “Jackson, stop,” Danny demands. “Get off me!” Jackson yells, shrugging out of Danny’s grasp. He advances towards Derek, and Derek pulls against Isaac’s iron grip. Jackson points his finger in Derek’s face. “You better watch it, Hale. I will end you.” Then, Jackson turns and storms out of the store.Danny shoots him an apologetic look and follows, and Isaac finally loosens his grip on Derek’s arms.“Sorry about that,” Scott says, looking genuinely upset. “Jackson is such a douche.”“That’s the understatement of the century,” Stiles adds. Derek glances over at him, feeling a surge of affection for him. The fact that Stiles doesn’t like Jackson makes Derek like him even more. “I knew we shouldn’t have come here,” Isaac says, shaking his head. “He hates everyone on the basketball team, especially anyone directly connected to Lydia.”“I don’t have anything to do with Lydia,” Derek snaps, crossing his arms over his chest.“Are you kidding me?” Stiles rolls his eyes dramatically. “Yeah, you have nothing to do with Lydia, except for your twin sister being best friends with her and your best friend dating her, yeah, nothing at all.” Derek glares at him, and Stiles holds his hands up. “Look, I don’t care. I’m just pointing out the obvious. It’s all Jackson sees when he sees you.”Derek stomps back around the counter and glares at the three lacrosse players. “Well, why are you still here?”“Um,” Scott stammers, glancing at the door.“Duh,” Stiles says. “We ordered and paid for coffee?”Derek huffs and makes their coffee, glaring at them until they leave the shop.*Thursday morning, Derek and his co-worker are trying desperately to serve the morning rush. Derek has to leave for school soon, and he’s not sure the rush is going to die down by the time his relief shows up to take over.“Dude,” Stiles says when he finally gets to the counter, “what is with this line today?”Derek sighs. He’s too busy to get distracted by Stiles. “What can I get you?”“Okay, so no to the talking, got it.” Stiles pulls his bottom lip between his teeth, and Derek kind of wants to die. Something so small shouldn’t be so sexy, but Derek wants to push Stiles up against the counter and kiss him senseless. “Hazelnut latte.”Derek nods and rings in the order. When the line gets to the end, Stiles is still waiting for his coffee. He glances over at Derek and says, “Did you drive here this morning?”“No, my dad dropped me off. Laura’s supposed to come pick me up on her way to school.”“Do you want a ride?” Stiles asks. “From you?”Stiles looks at him like he’s stupid. “No, from the dude waiting for his espresso. Yes, from me!”“Um…” Derek glances at the clock. If he texts Laura now, he’ll catch her before she gets here. Stiles is watching him expectantly, and Derek decides to go for it. It’s just a ride, right? “Yeah, okay.”Stiles smiles at him, and Derek feels his pulse quicken. “Awesome. I’m just gonna sit over here.”“I’ll be off in like ten minutes.”“Okay.” Derek takes out his phone while Stiles starts walking away. He turns around though and says, “Any chance you can score me free coffee?” Derek gives him a flat look, and Stiles shrugs. “Worth a try.”Derek: Don’t come by the shop. Got a ride to school.
Laura: From who?
Derek: Someone
Laura: I’ll find out. You know I will.
Derek: Stiles
Laura: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GIVE ME ALL THE DETAILSDerek: It’s just a ride
Laura: A ride of LOVE.
Laura: Lydia says don’t screw it up
Derek: Tell Lydia to keep her mouth shut. This is embarrassing enough
Laura: Lydia says she’s offended that you think she thinks you’re worth gossipAs soon as the next shift barista clocks in, Derek clocks out. He grabs the caramel latte he’d made a few minutes ago, grabs his book bag from the floor, and meets Stiles at the table near the door. Stiles is scrolling through his phone and doesn’t notice Derek approach, so Derek says, “I’m done.”“Oh,” Stiles exclaims, looking up at him. “Awesome.”When Stiles stands, Derek shoves the cup towards him. “Here.”Stiles glances at it in confusion, before his face breaks into a wide grin. “Is this a free coffee?”Derek glances around. “Ssh. Not so loud.”“You brought me contraband coffee?” Stiles giggles delightedly as he takes a sip. “And caramel? Oh my god, I’m taking you to school every day.”Derek’s cheeks heat, so he pushes through the door and towards Stiles’ Jeep.Derek’s never been inside Stiles’ Jeep, so he tries to surreptitiously look around. There are empty soda bottles and candy wrappers on the floor, various lacrosse gear and clothes in the back, along with errant school books. Stiles starts fiddling with the heat dials as soon as they’re inside.“Sorry, the heat’s broken,” he says apologetically. “As is the radio. I only get one station, which is some adult contemporary bullshit, but it beats nothing at all.”Derek scowls at the radio. “Celine Dion beats silence?”“Dude, don’t hate on Celine Dion. Woman has some pipes. Power of Love, that’s my jam. And that song from Titanic.”“Are you serious?” Derek asks.“Desperate times call for desperate measures, Derek.” Derek rolls his eyes, but he chuckles anyway. He’s glad he wore his heavy coat today since the Jeep is freezing. He shoves his hands beneath his legs for warmth.“So,” Stiles starts awkwardly, “I think you’re my new hero for standing up to Jackson. That was, like, epic.”“What?” Derek squawks, surprised.“Jackson is a terror. He’s made my and Scott’s lives miserable since the first grade.”“I thought you were friends with him.”“Are you blind and stupid?” Stiles retorts. “He calls me left testicle, unless I’m standing on Scott’s right, and then I’m right testicle. Point is, I hate that guy.”“This whole thing is stupid,” Derek says. “I shouldn’t have lost my temper like that.  My parents would have killed me if I’d have gotten into a fight. And I could have lost my job.” Derek runs a hand through his hair and readjusts his glasses. “I don’t know what I was thinking.”“That Jackson is an asshole who needs to be punched a good time or two,” Stiles suggests. “A good punch would do wonders for him, I think.”“I don’t want to fight him.”“I know,” Stiles says. “Because you’re a good guy.”Derek doesn’t respond, but he feels warm all over.“Just for the record though,” Stiles says, “If you and Jackson came to blows, my money’d be on you.”*Derek is taking notes in European history when he feels something softly hit the back of his head and bounce off. He looks around and sees Stiles looking at him expectantly. He points down, and Derek looks at the floor and sees a balled up piece of paper nearby. He grabs it, glances at the teacher who is talking about the War of the Roses, and straightens the paper.It’s a picture of Stiles holding a lacrosse stick and Derek a basketball – the only reason Derek knows it’s them is because of their jersey numbers on the stick figures, plus Stiles drew Derek with glasses and angry eyebrows – running towards a combined lacrosse net and basketball goal with Jackson tied to it. Derek bursts out a surprised bark of laughter, causing the teacher and some of the class to look at him.The teacher asks Derek a question about what she just said, and Derek manages to stammer out the correct answer. The teacher gives him a disapproving look, but returns to her lecture. Derek twists in his seat and finds Stiles laughing at him.Derek glares at Stiles, but when he turns around, he smiles and slips the drawing in his notebook.*Saturday morning around five thirty, Stiles comes into the coffee shop, half-asleep like last week. He looks just as cute as he did before, with sleep-mussed hair and soft sweats, and Derek wants to curl around him and cuddle. And that thought disturbs him immensely.“Finstock is evil,” Stiles groans as he props his elbows on the counter and his chin in his hands. “Evil evil evil. I don’t know why we need to practice so early. Something about endurance, and commitment, and there was a speech from a Stallone movie in there I think, but I can’t be sure. I think I fell asleep on Scott’s shoulder and drooled on him. Isaac took a picture and posted it to Instagram because he’s evil, too.”Derek just stares at Stiles, because what? That was way too much information spoken in slurred, half-awake speech this early.“Um, what kind of coffee do you want?”Stiles opens his eyes, and Derek’s not entirely sure he wasn’t just dozing off. “Huh? Oh, coffee. Strong coffee. With lots of sugar and cream. How do you not know this by now?”Stiles mumbles about how much he hates lacrosse, Finstock, and the world while Derek makes his coffee. When Derek hands him the cup, Stiles inhales. “Almond, how did you know I loved it so much?”“I didn’t.”Stiles opens his eyes and looks at Derek. “You’re odd.”“Excuse me?” Derek bristles, feeling the sting of rejection.Stiles reaches across the counter and pokes Derek’s face. “No. None of that. I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just…” Stiles shakes his head. “Nevermind. I’m half-asleep.”Derek frowns as Stiles take a sip of his coffee.  Stiles is watching him closely, and Derek doesn’t quite know what’s going on. He’s just confused and wants to go back to his quiet coffee shop with the soothing music playing through the speakers. “You have nice eyes,” Stiles blurts. “You can’t really see them because of the glasses, but nice eyes.”“Um,” Derek says, his face burning. “Thanks?”Stiles shakes his head and jumps up and down a few times. “Damn, I need to wake up. I’m gonna get my ass kicked.” He takes a long gulp from the cup and heads for the door. “See you later, Derek.”Derek watches him, thinking maybe Stiles is the odd one instead of him.*Next Saturday night, Parrish throws a party. He invites the basketball team, a lot of Lydia’s friends, and some friends of the people on the basketball team. Danny from lacrosse is there because he’s dating Ethan from the basketball team, and Isaac is there because he’s good friends with Boyd and Erica. But other than that, no one from lacrosse is there, so Derek hopes for a relatively drama-free party.He’s standing outside in Parrish’s back yard, talking to a few other people, when he hears, “Psst.” He glances behind him, but doesn’t see anyone, so he turns back to the conversation. “Psst. Near the plant.”Derek turns around and walks towards the talking plant. Squatting behind the plant, out of sight, are Stiles and Scott. “What in the hell are you two doing?” Derek whisper-yells.“We came to warn you,” Stiles says.“Yeah, man, Jackson’s got something planned,” Scott continues. “We don’t know what. We heard him planning with Greenberg and Dahler. Liam told me he tried to get him to help, but he’s grounded this weekend and couldn’t.”“Why would Jackson want to do something to the party?” Derek asks.“Because Jackson is a douche,” Stiles says, huffing in frustration. “I thought we’d already been over this.”“Let me go tell Parrish,” Derek says with a sigh. “And for fuck’s sake, come out from behind the plant. You two look like idiots.”“You try sneaking into a rival team’s party,” Stiles says, peeking out from behind the cement pot. “It’s not easy.”Derek rolls his eyes as he walks onto the porch and inside the house. He finds Parrish standing with his arm around Lydia, talking to Laura and her boyfriend. “Parrish,” Derek interrupts them. “Jackson’s apparently going to crash the party and try to do something.”“What?” Parrish asks.“Are you serious?” Lydia scowls and pulls out her phone. “This has gotten out of control! I am not some prize to be fought over and won! I swear when I get through with him – ““You can wait till he gets here,” Laura suggests. “Confront him then.”Lydia considers it, then pockets her phone. “Fine. This is going to end, once and for all. Otherwise, I’m writing off all high school guys and staying single until this summer, and then start dating college guys.”“Hey!” Parrish exclaims. “What did I do?”Lydia frowns at him. “Just, don’t engage with him. This has gone on long enough.”“So, what should I do?”Laura says, “Send Ethan, Danny, and Theo after him. Let them meet him when he tries to crash the party. Maybe Danny can talk some sense into him, and if not,” Laura shrugs, “maybe Theo and Ethan can kick his ass.”“Hey,” Parrish protests, “I do not want the cops being called to my party.”Laura smiles. “Theo and Ethan can take care of it.”Derek shakes his head, finds Boyd, and tells him what’s going on. Then he finds Stiles and Scott by the keg. With a burst of unusual bravado, Derek approaches Stiles. “Hey,” he says, “Wanna get out of here before everything goes down?”Stiles looks around wildly. “Are you talking to me?” Derek sighs heavily and fixes him with an annoyed expression. Stiles shares a look with Scott. “You good with me bailing?”Scott eyes Derek with mistrust, but says, “Yeah, sure. Allison wants me to come over anyway. I’ll call her to pick me up,”“Yeah, cool.” Scott glances at Derek again and says, “Call me if you need anything.”“Sure thing, buddy.” Stiles claps Scott on the shoulder, squeezes, and then follows Derek around the house. “So, you just gonna bail on your best friend when he’s being attacked by the enemy?”“This whole fight is stupid,” Derek says as he walks towards the street. “Lydia is just a girl. I like her, don’t get me wrong, but she’s not worth all of this.”“Dude, don’t talk about Lydia,” Stiles replies. “I understand where they’re coming from.”Derek groans. “Oh god, not you, too!”“Me?” Stiles exclaims. “Oh no. I was in love with Lydia from like third grade to tenth grade. Then, after realizing she would never see me as anything more than a speck of dust on the bottom of her Prada stilettos, I moved on. Plus,” Stiles shrugged and shoved his hands into his khakis, “I kinda found myself more into guys than girls.”“You like guys?” Derek asks, surprised.“Please, don’t tell me you’re gonna get all weird and go all ‘no homo!’ on me.”Derek stops and Stiles bumps into him. He turns to Stiles and says, “I’m gay. I thought you knew.”Stiles sputters and flails around a bit. “Wait, what? How did I not know this? Are you sure?”Derek’s eyebrows draw together, and he looks at Stiles likes he’s stupid. “Yeah, pretty sure. Was pretty sure back in middle school when I kept getting awkward boners in the locker room and wasn’t sure why until I ended up looking at naked pictures of guys on the internet and got more awkward boners. I was pretty sure I understood why after that.”Stiles’ mouth hangs open. He starts to say something a few times, but stops. Derek rolls his eyes and keeps walking. “You have to drive. I rode here with Laura and she has the keys to our car. You didn’t drink any beer, did you?”“No, Scott couldn’t figure out how to work the keg.” They climb into the Jeep, and Stiles stares at Derek. “How did I not know this about you?”Derek shrugs. “I don’t hide it, but I don’t exactly go around with a big ‘I’M GAY’ sign either. I figure it’s nobody’s business.”“You haven’t had a boyfriend at school,” Stiles says. “I’d have heard about that.”“No,” Derek shakes his head. “I dated a guy named Brett from another school. And a guy named Mason I know from basketball camp. That’s it.”“Oh.” Stiles fiddles with his keys for a few moments before Derek decides to take a chance. He puts his hand on Stiles’ arm, and when Stiles turns to him, he leans close and kisses him. The kiss is brief and awkward, and when Derek pulls away, he feels like an idiot.“I-I’m sorry,” Derek says. “I shouldn’t have, but you told me you liked my eyes and you took me to school and snuck into the party and you like guys and – I’m sorry.”Stiles shakes his head. “Nope, no sorry,” he says. “Never apologize for kissing me, which I hope you do a thousand more times.”“You didn’t mind?”Stiles drops his head to the steering wheel. “I really am beginning to think you are blind and stupid.” He turns to Derek and says, “I’ve had the hugest crush on you for like ever.”Derek stares at him, confused. “That can’t be. I’ve had the hugest crush on your for almost two years.”“TWO YEARS?” Stiles exclaims. “DO YOU MEAN TO TELL ME WE COULD HAVE BEEN DATING AND KISSING AND TOUCHING DINGDONGS FOR TWO YEARS?” He groans and laughs. “My life is the worst.”“Well, we could start now,” Derek says. “The dating and the kissing. Not the other. I’d like to wait a bit on the touching dingdongs thing, if that’s okay with you. I’d like my first time not to be in the back of a Jeep at a party.”“I can’t guarantee our first time won’t be in the back of the Jeep,” Stiles tells him. “Though my dad works a lot, so we probably can coordinate a time when he’s not home to get naked and touch each other’s dingdongs.”“Can we please stop calling it that?” Derek asks. “Or I might reconsider this whole thing.”Stiles salutes. “Aye-aye, captain.” He bites his lips nervously, and Derek wants to kiss him, realizes that now he thinks he can. He can kiss Stiles as much as he wants, because Stiles wants to kiss him, too. “So, can we, I don’t know, lie in the back of the Jeep and make out?”“Do you have a blanket?” Derek asks. “It’s kinda cold.”“I’m pretty sure there’s a blanket back there somewhere.” Stiles grins, and Derek returns it. Stiles jumps through the seat openings, getting stuck between the two seats. Derek laughs at his ridiculousness as Stiles mutters curses under his breath. Finally, he tumbles into the back, and Derek carefully follows. “Ah-ha! I knew there’d be something back here.” He holds up a large comforter before spreading it onto the floor. “We can make a cocoon of love.”Derek rolls his eyes. “Why do I like you again?”Stiles shrugs. “You’ve got me. I’m just happy you do.” He smiles shyly and says, “I’m really looking forward to getting to know you, Derek. As dumb as that sounds.”Derek cups Stiles’ cheek and drags his thumb underneath his eye. “Doesn’t sound dumb at all. I’m looking forward to the same thing.”Stiles sighs in relief. “Awesome. Now, can we kiss for the rest of the night? We can like, exchange favorite movies and hobbies in between if we must.”Derek laughs as Stiles grabs his arm and tugs him down on top of him. “You’re ridiculous.”“Yeah,” Stiles says, eyes bright and shining as he looks up at Derek. “But you like me.”“I do like you,” Derek agrees, leaning down and kissing Stiles more fully. He doesn’t care what happens at the party with the rival teams. They can beat each other senseless for all he cares. He’s just content to be making out with his lacrosse player for the rest of the night.

Above the fold: The most important stories of the day appear on the top half of the cover—above the fold—where they can show in coin boxes or on stacks. 


*

Taako’s problem is that he has no respect for authority. Also, he doesn’t follow instructions well, isn’t respectful of others’ time, doesn’t participate in class in a meaningful and healthy way, and once broke a window using magic to cheat in gym—a class which he’s currently failing, mostly because Taako hates team sports and the coach holds a grudge over the window/cheating debacle. Gym isn’t the only class Taako has problems in, but it is the only class where he’s prepared to admit he’s the root of those problems.

Honestly? Fuck home ec.

“Fuck home ec” is a sentiment his aunt would be surprised to hear from him, but she’d never experienced the absolute joke that is Neverwinter High’s Home Economics II: Cooking and Baking. Taako signed up expecting to dominate. He and Lup were raised by the best cook in all of Faerun. Maybe Auntie didn’t have a bakery or a restaurant or fancy cooking awards, but Taako has yet to meet anyone who can come close to roasting a turkey as well as she could. Auntie taught Taako and Lup everything she knew, and if she were still alive today she’d stand in solidarity with Taako. She’d see the great injustice at work here.

Auntie isn’t alive, though, and there isn’t anyone else around to vouch for his side of the story who’s in a position to be listened to.

It’s a good thing Taako’s never had trouble sticking up for himself.

The door to the principal’s office swings open and Taako schools his face, masking the annoyance he feels with cool indifference. Taako is above being sent to the office by a two-bit hack who couldn’t bake a cake if you handed him a boxed mix.

“Well, Taako. I see you’re here again. Should I start reserving a seat for you?”

Taako actually likes Principal Davenport, although he’d never admit it. Davenport has a sideways sense of humour about Taako’s antics, most of the time. Today he doesn’t look amused.

“Wish you would, my man. Cha’boy’s got a thing for the chair with arms on it.” Taako nods his head towards the one chair in the school’s main office with arms, currently occupied by a black girl Taako doesn’t think he’s met before. She’s got her surprisingly white hair scraped back into a bun and her uniform is picture perfect—blue plaid skirt, crisp white blouse, neat tie, regulation knee socks and shiny black loafers—except for her cardigan, which is about two sizes too big and swallows her small frame. The overall look is one Taako would categorize as mousy as fuck. “As you can see, Taako’s chair is currently occupado.”

The girl shifts in place and flushes, her eyes on her knees. Taako wasn’t trying to embarrass her, but he’s still in a capital-M Mood, so here they are.

Davenport just sighs at him, then looks at the girl in Taako’s seat and smiles. “I’ll be right with you, Lucretia. Taako, step into my office please.”

Taako hauls himself up, all over-the-top insouciant grace, and winks at Lucretia before proceeding Davenport into his office.

“I know what you’re going to say,” Taako says, as soon as the door closes. “And listen, Princi’port, the whole crying thing is on Taako, but in my defense Mr. Rick is literally the worst cook I’ve ever met. He had us making ham sandwiches. How is that even an assignment? This is Cooking and Baking two. This is supposed to be the advanced class.”

“I’ve asked you not to call me Princi’port, Taako,” Davenport says, climbing into his chair. Literally climbing, because Davenport may be a gnome, but the office is sized for an average human. There’s a little ladder beside his office chair. Taako’s pretty sure the fact that the school is scaled for medium-sized proportions is racist, but if the principal can’t get things changed in his own office, what’s Taako going to do about it?

“Principal Davenport. Whatever.” Taako waves a hand. “My point about Mr. Rick stands.”

“Mr. Rick has asked me to expel you for your actions in class today,” Davenport says, voice flat. The way he’s looking at Taako doesn’t have the usual amusement bubbling under the surface. He looks like maybe he’s considering the expulsion.

Taako goes still. “I can’t get expelled.”

“You’re the one who controls your behaviour, Taako,” Davenport says. “You’re the one who needs to face the consequences of that behaviour.”

“I can’t get expelled,” Taako says again. “Principal Davenport, come on. All I did was make a good sandwich.”

Neverwinter High is not inexpensive. It’s one of the top schools in Faerun. Notable Neverwinter High alumni include most of the previous Lord Protectors of Neverwinter, the High Cleric of Glittergold, and Selene Brightrunner, voted Faerun’s number one bard three years running. Most of its students are predestined for success—they come from wealthy, legacy families who enroll their children as boarders and then show up to every event the schools has in order to bully the teachers into ensuring little Gwendylynon or Chad does extraordinarily well during the school year.

Taako is not one of those students. Taako isn’t even a day student—who the boarders look down upon with great disdain because day students come from the type of families who can only afford to pay a modest fortune to send their kids to Neverwinter High. No, Taako belongs to the rung under that—Taako is a scholarship kid.

Taako is a scholarship kid who, he’s sure, is here mostly because he and Lup made it very clear that they were a package deal in their applications. His sister is a bright light shining in the darkness and Neverwinter High would have to be crazy to have passed on her, even if she did come with a twin brother.

Taako hates this. Davenport and Mr. Rick have all the power and there’s nothing he can do except appeal to Davenport’s better nature because he knows Mr. Rick. Mr. Rick would love to get Taako kicked out of school. Mr. Rick loathes him.

Davenport leans back in his seat, raises an eyebrow. “Did you or did you not lead your classmates in chanting ‘Take a bite, Rick’?”

Taako pauses. “Okay, yes. Technically I did do that.”

“Taako, do you know how many other students have made a teacher cry?”

“I feel like this is a trick question,” Taako says, after a moment. As far as he knows, no one else has made a teacher cry in the years he’s been at Neverwinter High, except for the time he made Leon the artificing teacher lose it, but Leon had also been referring to Taako openly as a hellion for a month before Taako decided he’d had enough. And Leon hadn’t asked for Taako to be expelled so Taako was inclined to like him more now.

“I don’t just mean in your time at Neverwinter High, Taako,” Davenport says. “In my whole career as an educator. Do you know how many students have made a teacher cry?”

Taako pauses. Squints at Davenport as he tries to weigh his answer. Probably not that many, right? “... Five?”

“One, Taako,” Davenport says. “One student. You are the only student I have ever had to make a teacher cry.”

“Two teachers.”

Davenport frowns at him. “You see why I might consider the expulsion, don’t you? I can’t allow bullying in my school.”

“It’s not bullying! Don’t be ridic—”

“I’m not going to expel you, Taako.”

Taako shuts up fast, before he accidentally changes Davenport’s mind.

Davenport gives him a knowing look. “I’m not going to expel you, but in deference to Mr. Rick and to your own objections to his class, I’m going to remove you from it. I think it would be best for all parties if the two of you had... some space.”

It’s better than being expelled, but it’s still a blow. Rick is a terrible teacher who doesn’t know how to cook and the way he runs home ec is the worst, but Taako likes cooking. Taako likes getting the chance to make good food and to show off and to feed people who appreciate his skills. Taako’s class has come to respect and admire him, at least within the boundaries of the home ec room.

“You can’t just pull me out of a class,” Taako protests. “We’re halfway through the semester. What am I supposed to do for the rest of the year? I need to graduate at some point. Unless you want to keep me here for another year.”

“Gods, no,” Davenport says, which is hurtful but probably a gut reaction and not something Taako should take to heart. “No, we want you to graduate and do well, Taako. We’ll figure out a way for you to make up the remaining credits. Perhaps a correspondence course.”

Davenport opens a desk drawer and pulls out a catalogue. The cover shows young tiefling with terrible glasses smiling as they work on a math problem. It’s emblazoned with the words LEARNING AT MY OWN PACE! in large, block letters.

Taako eyes it with utter disdain.

“See what appeals to you,” Davenport says, handing Taako the catalogue. “Take a seat outside and think about my proposal. It’s a way for you to avoid being held back. I had a meeting scheduled with Lucretia, whose time we’re wasting because of your actions today, so I’m going to ask you to wait while I speak with her.”

Taako gets to his feet, folding the catalogue in half to hide the cover. “Yeah, sure. I’ll wait.”

He knows this is supposed to be an olive branch being extended, that he should be grateful he’s not getting a permanent black mark on his already pretty grey record, but fuck if it doesn’t feel like a blow to be handed a book of shitty correspondence courses and told, essentially, that no one wants to deal with him in their classes if they don’t have to. Lup’s going to kill him.

He takes his seat outside again as Lucretia walks into Davenport’s office and shuts the door. Taako contemplates moving to the chair with arms, contemplates looking at the catalogue of courses available to him, and opts instead to eavesdrop.

Lucretia may have shut the door, but Taako’s an elf. He’s got big ears and nothing to do. He can hear her and Davenport through the door, voices only slightly muffled.

“I sympathize, Lucretia. You know I’d like to support you, but you just don’t have enough—”

“How do you propose I gain support? Everyone knows the school wants to shut the paper down. I don’t see how you can, in good conscience, tell me there isn’t enough sustained interest to justify the cost. Sir, this is important to me. It would be important to a lot of people if you gave it a chance.”

“Lucretia.”

“You’re not even willing to let me fight for it!”

Even if Taako wasn’t an elf, he’d have heard that. Lucretia’s obviously upset, which makes Taako both want to hear all the juicy details of what’s happening inside the room and crawl the fuck away, to where he might not get caught in the wake of some kind of scene. Taako is fine making other people feel emotions, but when their emotions are thrust unwillingly on to him, he doesn’t do so good.

The silence on the other side of the door is very telling. Princi’port would never let Taako snap at him like that.

“I’ll give you until the end of semester,” Davenport says, proving that Taako’s life is unfair and everyone is biased against him. “If you can show me that the school’s paper is a worthwhile investment, then I’ll make sure you don’t get shut down, but you have to be prepared, Lucretia. This is the last time I can pull strings for you.”

“Thank you, sir.” Lucretia’s voice is calm and collected now that she’s gotten her way. Taako doesn’t know her, but he approves. Taako also thinks he sees a way out of his own situation.

When Lucretia opens the door to Davenport’s office, Taako jumps to his feet. “Hey, listen,” he says. “I overheard what you two were talking about just now. I have a proposal.”

Lucretia looks distinctly unimpressed. Davenport looks like he feels a headache coming on.

“Hear me out, Princi’port. You need a place to put me for the rest of the semester, right? She needs help with the paper? I could do that instead of this.” Taako waves at the catalogue in his hand. “This is a waste of Taako’s many skills. Journalism is where it’s at. Don’t let anyone tell you print media is dead. I’m all about preserving the written word and, uh, fair and balanced media.”

These are all terms Taako is pretty sure apply to journalism.

“The school paper is a club, Taako. Not a class,” Davenport says. “As much as I’m sure Lucretia would love to have you join the paper, I don’t think—”

Taako holds up a finger, flipping LEARNING AT MY OWN PACE! open to the table of contents. Lucretia doesn’t look like she’d love having Taako join her paper, but Taako doesn’t need to convince her. The paper sounds like it’s in enough trouble that if Davenport says yes to this, she’ll have to go along with it. He finds the appropriate page number and turns to it, then brandishes it at Davenport. “Really? Because according to this journalism is for sure a creditable course. Just let me do the paper instead, give me a B and call it a day.”

“We don’t have a teacher for—”

Lucretia snatches the catalogue from Taako’s hand and turns to face Davenport too, scanning the course description. “If the paper was part of a course, that would mean it had more value for the school though, wouldn’t it?” Lucretia asks. “If, say, there were students enrolled in a correspondence journalism course who produced the paper as part of their learning?”

“That’s not—that’s not really how those courses are supposed to work,” Davenport says. “They’re independent study.”

Lucretia clears her throat and reads: “Students study the basic principles of print journalism as they examine the role of printed news media in our society. They learn investigative skills, responsible reporting, and journalistic writing techniques as they read, respond to, and write their own news and feature articles. Students conduct interviews, research, write, and design their own publications.” She looks up at Davenport. “I don’t see anything in the course description that says you’re required to work alone. In fact, our version of the course would be an improvement. It would introduce students to the basics of working for a real publication. We’d complete the assignments for the correspondence course, send them off, and produce the school paper at the same time. Surely the school sees the value in that.”

“Lucretia…” Davenport definitely needs a nap. Maybe a drink. An under the radar visit to Pringles behind the cafeteria for that good kush.

Davenport looks at Lucretia, then he looks at Taako. Taako swears, just for a moment, that he sees the old gnome smile.

“All right,” Davenport says. “I can see there’s no stopping you. I’ll allow the paper to count for course credit, provided you also enroll in the correspondence journalism course. We’ll do this on a trial run. At the end of the semester, the Board of Governors, the teachers, and I will make a decision about the paper’s future. Fair?”

“Completely,” Lucretia says, snapping the catalogue shut. “Thank you, sir. You know how much this means to me.”

Lucretia closes Davenport’s office door and turns to look at Taako. Gone is the shy girl from earlier. Right now, she is fierce. “I don’t know why you decided to volunteer to work on the paper with me, but this isn’t a joke, okay? I need this. When I apply for university I want clippings to show the journalism schools. I’m going to win a fantasy Pulitzer one day. All I’ve ever wanted to be is a writer. Don’t mess this up for me, Taako.”

Taako… might have let this get away from him. The whole point of offering to help with the paper was to get out of having to take one of the weird mail in courses, not to have all his options stripped away and be forced into a weird, dying profession. There might have been a course that was much easier to blow off in there. Fuck, he’d probably lost the chance to bullshit his way through philosophy or something. Taako would rock philosophy. He could make up shit better than anyone he knew.

Taako reaches out and plucks the catalogue from Lucretia’s hands. “I resent the implication that I fuck things up. I’m in this situation because teachers find me too intimidating.”

Lucretia pauses, looks Taako over. “Did you make another teacher cry?”

“Everyone keeps saying that like it's hard,” Taako says, rolling his eyes. “Rick deserved it. He had us making ham sandwiches. A ham sandwich isn’t a recipe; it’s a cry for help. I just showed everyone how to make croque monsieur instead. Are we done here or what? I can only use Princi’port as an excuse for not being in gym for so long.”

Lucretia looks Taako over, then nods, once. “Come to the paper’s headquarters after school,” she says. “We’ll figure out how we’re going to schedule this course so we can meet the requirements and get the paper out.” Lucretia pauses. “The newspaper club meets in the library, towards the back. There’s a side room. That’s our office.”

Taako doesn’t spend a lot of time in the library, granted, but he’d always been under the impression the weird door in the back of the room went to a cupboard. He nods anyway. “I know where it is. Don’t you worry your pretty little head. I’ll be there.”

Lucretia doesn’t exactly seem comforted to hear this, but they’re stuck with each other now. Taako’s briefly viable plan of goofing off for the rest of the semester is screwed and he’s pretty sure Lucretia needs him at this point. It’s a weird spot to be in. Being relied on isn’t his jam. Taako avoids responsibility and consequences at all costs.

“You’d better be,” Lucretia says, and marches out of the office in a swirl of blue skirt and white knee socks.

The ‘or else’ is heavily implied.

*

Taako skips the rest of gym. It’s a useless class and a waste of his time, so no big. If Davenport calls him on it, Taako will claim he had to spend some quality time doing a thorough reading of the journalism course description or something. Totally relevant to his education.

He’s waiting outside Ren’s accounting class when the lunch bell goes.

“Taako! What happened with Principal Davenport? I told you we should just follow the recipe,” she says, when she sees him. “How much trouble are you in for making Rick cry?”

Taako smiles because everything worked out, more or less. “Rick tried to get me expelled, but Princi’port wasn’t having it,” he says. “Don’t worry. I’m good. I’m just… not in home ec anymore. Which is fine because my talents shouldn’t be wasted in that hellscape anyway.”

Ren doesn’t look reassured by any of this. “You got kicked out of class?”

“Technically, yes. No big.”

“Taako.”

Friendship isn’t something Taako is great at. He and Lup grew up needing nobody but each other and, briefly, their aunt. When Auntie died, there’d been a lot of arguing amongst distant relations about who was going to take the twins on, so Taako and Lup had set out to make their fortunes. They bounced around for a few years, in and out of caravans, until Lup decided they should apply for Neverwinter High scholarships.

Taako trusts exactly one person in the world: his sister. He knows it’s the same for her, with him.

Ren is cool though. A day student. She’d started out intimidated by Taako, but the fact that Ren also liked cooking and secretly enjoyed the hell out of most of Taako’s shenanigans means he’s graciously accepted her into his life.

“Princi’port worked it out, bubelah,” Taako says. “I’m not thrilled with the solution, but I’m not repeating a year of school or anything. I’m in journalism now.”

There’s a long pause. Ren’s brow furrows in confusion and she tucks a strand of her bobbed, white hair behind her ear. “Taako, we don’t have a journalism class.”

Taako slings an arm around Ren’s shoulders. “Let me tell you all about my brilliant plan to reinvigorate the school paper while graduating on time,” he says. “I’ll explain over chocolate milk and french fries in the cafeteria.”

Taako’s explanation doesn’t actually take that long. By the time they make it through the lunch line with their—soggy, limp—fries, Ren is up to speed on Taako’s current life sitch. They take a seat at their usual corner table and Ren watches solemnly while Taako dumps a crapload of ketchup onto his plate.

“Lup is going to kill you,” she says. “You’re my ex-friend.”

“Lup’s not my mom.” Taako opens his milk and drops a straw into the carton. “It’s not even a thing. I’ll do the paper and pass the class and then I’ll be golden. No higher learning establishment on the planet cares about a teenage elf dropping home ec partway through the semester.”

The doubt on Ren’s face is borderline offensive.

“Don’t you think you should be a little worried? It’s our senior year. This is it, you know?”

Taako rolls his eyes—hard—and slumps forward on the table, stretching out a hand. He lays it on top of one of hers. “Ren, please. Ren, not you too. Next you’re going to be telling me you want to buy class rings or sweatpants with our class year on the ass. I swear to all the gods you won’t peak in high school. Don’t do me like this.”

Ren laughs. It’s one of the reasons Taako likes her, her finding him funny. “There’s a difference between not wanting you to get expelled and thinking this is the high point of my life.”

“Expelled?”

Taako freezes in place and gives Ren a dirty look, then slowly turns to look at his sister. Lup is holding a lunch tray of her own—french fries and strawberry milk—and has a dark expression on her face.

“Hi, Lulu…”

“Don’t you Lulu me, Taako. What does Ren mean, expelled?” Lup sets her tray on the table with too much force and sits beside him, straddling the bench so she can stare him down. “Did you talk to Leon again? I told you to stay away.”

“Okay, it’s not fair that I don’t get to take artificing just because Leon can’t take a joke.” Taako considers lying, then makes a face. Suddenly working for the school paper and not being in home ec will be hard to hide. “But no. I made Rick cry and run out of the classroom today. He got worked up over it and tattled to Princi’port.”

Lup’s mouth betrays her, briefly, as she fights to repress a laugh and nearly fails. She closes her eyes for a moment, taking a breath and schooling her face. “Taako.”

“Lup, it’s fine. I’m working on the school paper for the rest of the semester for course credit. I just mail stuff in for someone to mark and send back.”

“Wait, we have a school paper?” Lup opens up her milk. “I didn’t know you could just do school by mail. I want to do mail school.”

Taako reaches out and tugs on a stand of Lup’s short hair. It’s an unfortunate mottled orange right now, after a failed attempt to bleach her ends and dye them red. “Grow this mess out and you can take the class for me,” he says, tossing his bleached blond braid over his shoulder. “Like when we were kids. I have to go figure out how the paper thing works after class today.”

“I’ll come too. Scope it out.” Lup dips one of her fries in Taako’s ketchup. “Sounds like it could be a pretty sweet gig and we don’t have any classes together this year.”

This is true. Taako and Lup are happiest when they’re inseparable, but in their time at Neverwinter High the school has caught on to the fact that keeping Lup and Taako apart was a much more manageable situation for their teachers. Even signing up for nearly identical course loads hasn’t kept them together this semester. And then there’s the whole participation thing Lup does, which Taako’s not a fan of. Her spending three nights a week practicing with the field hockey team means significantly less twin time overall.

Taako likes the idea of using this school paper as a loophole for them to exploit. “Knock yourself out. Ren, you ever want to be a journalist?”

“Can’t drop anything I’m taking now,” Ren says, making a face. “I mean, I guess I could drop home ec, but it’ll look good when I apply for restaurant management programs, so… sorry, Taako.”

Taako shrugs it off. “Your loss, homie.”

Ren is going to open a restaurant; Taako is going to be a baller wizard and her favourite customer.

Cooking is his passion. He’s really great at it—so is Lup, but Lup wants to go to the Institute of Planar Research. She’s all in on becoming a preeminent scholar and practicer of evocation magic and Taako’s not about to let her go off and get hella smart without him. But—while he sees the appeal of blowing shit up—what Taako’s really into is transmutation. Even the way he cooks, taking a bunch of ingredients and turning them into a cohesive dish,  is arguably a feat of transmutation because his dishes are magical, no matter what Rick thinks. 

So he definitely doesn’t need Cooking and Baking II, because the Institute is going to be way more interested in his magicks and his core competency marks. Cooking and Baking II was just supposed to be… fun.

Under pain of death Taako will swear he’s not a planner, that he’s not the kind of person who sits down and maps out how his life is going to go—why bother, when everything changes?—but showing everyone who ever doubted the two of them how amazing the Taaco twins are has been his and Lup’s plan since they were kids. The Institute is a surefire way to do that, even if Taako does hate math.

“We’re going to turn the school paper I just found out about the fuck around,” Lup says, grinning and holding up her fist for Taako to bump.

He does, smiling at his sister. “Fuck yeah we are. Lucretia won’t know what hit her.”

*

The Neverwinter High library is big, but after school it’s almost completely empty. People have better things to do than hang out in a library that looks more like the set of a movie than a place for practical studying to occur. Taako suspects it’s where much of the school’s budget goes—it’s all dark wood and leather-bound books, discrete rows of elegant tables and faux fantasy Tiffany lamps. Garfield, the librarian, only ever seems to appear when someone is about to take out a granola bar or open a bottle of water, and even then he’s only around long enough to shuffle them out the door. Taako has yet to see him help anyone with their research.

The library is opulent and oppressive, grandly insistent on being acknowledged, but not as a place that welcomes students—most people study in the student lounge or one of the dorm common rooms.

Taako and Lup’s footsteps echo as they walk through it.

“We could be murdered here and no one would ever know,” Lup says. “Where did you say the school paper was?”

“Back corner.” Taako leads the way. The door to the paper’s headquarters is cracked open and voices filter through the gap.

“—a good thing if Principal Davenport is letting us stay open, Luce,” some nerd is saying. “He can’t be that bad.”

Taako gives the door an offended look, then flings it open dramatically. He just barely holds back the urge to cast Prestidigitation as he makes his grand entrance. If Lucretia’s talking shit already, then Taako’s going to make himself very visible. “What’s up, nerds?”

There are exactly two and a half people in the office: Lucretia, standing at the front of the room with a notebook bound in blue leather in her hands; a pasty human boy in the world’s worst glasses—who’s somehow getting away with wearing the most normie jeans Taako’s ever seen with the top half of his school uniform—and a kid whose uniform is not only perfectly tailored to his mini-body, but also includes a matching hat with an actual feather in it, making the baby the most fashionable person in the room besides Taako and Lup.

“Taako,” Lucretia says, greeting him with far more dignity than any seventeen-year-old should be able to muster. “And… you must be Lup.”

“I must be,” Lup agrees, wandering around the dingy little office. The difference between it and the library outside is stark. The walls are beige with a faded stripe of Neverwinter High blue wrapping around ceiling.  There’s a worn table in the center of the room with visible dents in the legs and all the seating in the room is an obvious hand-me-down: a few metal stools from the alchemy lab, a wooden chair with graffiti in poorly conjugated Elvish carved into the wood, and a monstrosity of a yellow armchair shoved off into the corner—Taako presumes out of shame. It’s mismatched and ugly as hell. It all pains Taako, but the absolute worst part of the room is the banner hanging behind Lucretia, over the chalkboard, which reads—in fantasy Comic Sans, of course—To Seek the Truth and Maintain Balance!

“We’ve already started our meeting if you’d like to take a seat,” Lucretia says. “We have a lot of work to do. Lup, are you joining the paper?” There’s something in her eyes that says ‘No, please gods.’

“Still figuring that out,” Lup says, pulling out the stool beside the denim-clad dude. “You’re Lucretia? Nice to meet you. Seems like you could use more girls here to balance things out a bit.”

Taako slumps over to Lup’s free side and sits, eying the kid on the opposite side of the table. “Did someone bring their son?”

The kid sits up straighter and adjusts his glasses. “I’m Angus McDonald, sir,” says Angus McDonald. “I’m in AP Elvish with you.”

Taako squints at Angus. He does recall a particularly short student in that class. “I think I assumed you were a halfling.”

“No, I’m human, sir,” Angus says. “Just a little boy.”

Well. Okay. Taako turns his attention to the guy sitting beside Lup. His face is light pink beneath his glasses. “What about you, thug? Got a name?”

“B-barry,” B-barry stutters. “I, uh, I’m… We have Magical Theory together?”

Taako twists the end of his braid in a hand and looks actually-probably-just-Barry over, then shrugs. “If you say so.”

“Oh, hey. You’re in artificing with me,” Lup says, grinning at Barry. “You’re the one who resurrected the bird that hit the window, right?”

Barry goes bright red. “Yes, that’s—it was an accident. I was just… startled.”

Sometimes Taako regrets his lifetime ban from Leon’s classes. Not often, but sometimes.

“No, it was hilarious,” Lup says, grinning. “I thought Greg Grimmaldis was going to shit himself.”

Lucretia clears her throat. “Now that we’ve got introductions out of the way, could we focus?” she asks. “Taako, Lup, you should know that the school’s paper is on thin ice. I’ve struggled to keep it going since I became editor two years ago. And I’ve made improvements, but without a budget or sustained interest, this might be the last year the Neverwinter High News runs.”

Taako wrinkles his nose at the name. “Our school paper is just called The News? I think I found your first problem. Nobody’s interested in reading something that’s just called The News.”

“We inherited the name,” Lucretia says. “That’s not important. What really matters is the content.”

“Well, sure, but you’ve got to convince people to read your paper first.” Taako sees a light at the end of the tunnel, a way to make this situation not totally dull. “What you need is a rebranding. Stir up interest again. Lup, what was it you said to me today when I told you I was going to work on the school paper?”

“I said, ‘We have a school paper?’” Lup grins at Taako, leaning her elbows on the table. “A rebranding sounds fun. Make the paper sexier.”

“It’s a school paper. It’s not supposed to be sexy,” Lucretia says. “One of our reporters is ten.”

“They have a point,” Barry says. 

Taako knew there was something good lurking behind those glasses. 

“If the paper is becoming a real course, why can’t we revamp it? We could really make it ours, Lucretia. I know you’ve wanted to institute more changes. We could do a relaunch and drum up more interest in the work we’re doing.”

Lucretia stares at the three of them, obviously fighting the urge to reject Taako and Lup’s proposal out of hand. She sighs and throws her hands up in the air. “Okay, sure,” she says. “It wouldn’t hurt to get a little more creative with the paper. And it is a bad name.” Lucretia sits at the head of the table, on one of the stools, and opens her notebook. “If we’re really serious about this, then there are a few things we need to do. Everyone needs to register for the course, obviously. We’ll spend a day brainstorming new names for the paper, but I’m putting my foot down on the layout. We’re not turning this into a magazine, and besides, it’s already going to be a steep learning curve for our two new members without making all five of us learn an entirely new system. We’ll have to decide on assignments for everyone. I think we’ll be able to produce more than a broadside with the additional people power. Maybe a whole spread. If it’s for class credit, we can justify the time.”

Taako has no idea what any of this terminology means. Well, he can intuit what layout means via context clues, but the broad-whatever is beyond him. 

“Hold up,” he says. “Broad-what?”

Lucretia looks up at Taako. The despair she feels is plain as day on her face. “A broadside is a single page, double-sided sheet of newspaper,” she says. “With just three of us working on the paper, that’s all we were able to push out for our first issue. A full spread broadsheet will mean four pages of content. It’ll be more work, but more impressive too. You really don’t know anything about journalism, do you?”

“Nope,” Taako agrees. “Not a thing. Simple, idiot wizard. That’s me.”

Lup kicks him under the table. “Don’t be a dick, Taako. This terminology stuff will be in the homework for the course, right? We’ll catch up.”

Lucretia nods, looking down at the list she made in her notebook again. “Good. We need to work fast if we want to relaunch in time for our next publication date. We’ve only got a week until the next issue is supposed to be out.” She springs off the stool and marches to the blackboard. “We’ll stick to our bi-monthly schedule. We’ll all need to provide some content. Barry, Angus, and I can handle the bulk of the work this time around, since the two of you have to catch up with the rest of us. Maybe you can do an article each?”

Lucretia’s writing is precise as she scrawls out their names in a neat row on the blackboard and underlines each. She turns back to the table. “Barry, Angus—what have you got?”

“Reporting on the Board of Governors meetings this month,” Angus says, flipping open a notepad. “There’s some interesting stuff about scholarship funding and the school’s public image. I could do an op-ed on the state of the library as well. It focuses heavily on research, but doesn’t have a robust fiction collection. I’d say that’s a downfall for the breadth that should be expected of us, as students at one of the most prestigious schools in Faerun, and especially for a boarding school. It makes it more difficult to read for pleasure.”

Barry and Lucretia nod like these aren’t the most boring ideas they’ve ever heard.

“I want to do a piece on what students are creating in the artificing classes,” Barry said. “I think it’s really interesting what people come up with based on the materials available to us. I can feature a few objects and get some good quotes, I think. And I’ll do the profile piece this month. Jenkins agreed to be featured.”

“I’ll cover the spending cuts to the school paper and our subsequent rebranding,” Lucretia says. “We can make that a whole sheet. Each of us can say a little about what we want to get out of the class and why it’s important. Plus my usual editorial work and the illustrations for the paper.” She looks at Taako and Lup after she finishes writing all the story ideas down. “Taako, Lup—any ideas?”

“Yeah,” Taako says. “What about something interesting? This is… tragic. No wonder people don’t read the paper.”

Lup kicks him again, which is just rude because all he’s doing is being honest. “What Taako means is that you need something with a little flair. Horoscopes or an advice column or, I don’t know, cover the sports teams.”

Lucretia glances at the board and then looks back at Taako and Lup. “One of you can cover sports,” she says. “It’s true that they’re a large part of student life. It might encourage people to become more invested in reading the paper if there were more human interest pieces. I don’t think we should waste column inches on horoscopes though.”

“I’ll do sports,” Lup says, shrugging. “I can write about the field hockey game on Saturday. Our team doesn’t get enough exposure anyway. Taako can do an advice column.”

Lucretia opens her mouth to protest, but Taako beats her to the punch. “Hell yeah,” he says. “I give the best advice. I can totally do that.”

“I really don’t—”

“If Taako does an advice column, he won’t have to do the research for a full article,” Barry says. “I think it’s a good idea. Lup covering her own game and Taako doing something light means they’ll have time to catch up with everything else.”

Across the table, Angus nods. “It would be good to have some lighter material for the backpage. Maybe we can include a book review too? That would be nice.”

Taako can think of a million things nicer than a book review, but since it currently seems like he’s going to get away with bullshitting his way through an advice column and it’s going to count for course credit, he keeps his mouth shut.

Lucretia looks around the table at her team, and then writes Taako and Lup’s new roles on the board—advice and sports respectively. Angus gets ‘book review’ added to his list of assignments. “We can rotate who does the review,” she says. “You’re right, Angus. It’ll be a fun piece to include. Now, are we all clear on what tasks we need—”

There’s a knock on the door and then it swings open and Magnus Burnsides pokes his head into the room.

“Sorry I’m late,” he says. “This is the school paper, right? Cool. I’m Magnus.”

Magnus Burnsides is one of the basketball team’s star players. He’s cheerfully friendly with most people, but is also regularly involved in fights. Most have nothing to do with him when they start, but somehow he manages to insert himself into them anyway.

It’s the kind of chaotic energy Taako would normally approve of, except that Taako’s antics are viewed by the teaching staff at Neverwinter High with antacid-fueled dread and Magnus’s are met with an indulgent forbearance that is completely and utterly unfair. 

Also, Magnus and Lup get on like a house on fire and Taako’s not down with that.

Lucretia, Barry, and Angus look like they’re having similar mixed feelings about one of the most popular boys in school showing up unannounced to their meeting. Lup looks delighted.

“Magnus, are you… joining the paper?” Lucretia asks, as if it pains her to do so. The answer is already an obvious yes.

Magnus wanders into the room, walking around the table to take a seat next to Angus. “Yeah,” he says. “Principal Davenport said it would be a good way to boost my GPA this year. Make me more well-rounded for applications, you know?”

Davenport is evil and Taako takes back every charitable thought he’s ever had about the gnome.

“Well, we… that…” Lucretia looks around the room, for support from some quarter. When none is forthcoming, she nods. “I suppose we can’t object. We were just going over assignments for the upcoming issue. Have you… do you have much experience?”

“Nope, none,” Magnus says. “What do you want me to do?”

There is a long, uncomfortable pause while all eyes turn to the board and the assignments written on it. Taako is gratified to note that the trepidation over his assignment was based on the work itself and not on preconceived notions about his capabilities.

“Magnus can cover the boys’ basketball game,” Lup says. “It’s only fair, since I’m doing my game. We can all work out other things to do later.” She holds up a hand to high-five Magnus, who slaps their palms together eagerly.

“Fuck yeah, teamwork!” Magnus turns to Lucretia. “I like dogs too. Could you use anything about dogs?”

“I don’t… I don’t think we need a column on dogs right now,” Lucretia says. “You can do basketball. We should introduce ourselves.”

“Barry, Lup, Taako, Lucretia, Angus, right?” Magnus asks, going around the room and pointing to each of them in turn. “It’s cool. I know who you are.”

Barry’s face has a clear why on it, but he nods. “Great,” he says. “So… good first meeting of the new team? Come back next time with ideas for a new name?”

“Tomorrow after school,” Lucretia says. “Come back with your course paperwork filled out and with ideas for a new name for the paper. I know some of our new members have other obligations after classes some days, but if you miss the meeting or you’re late tomorrow, I’m afraid you won’t be able to continue on with us. We need everyone to take this seriously if we’re going to make it work. We’ll work out our future schedule after that.”

“Aye aye, Captain,” Taako says, saluting and getting to his feet. “I’m just dying to fill out some forms. Lup, let’s bounce.”

Lup stands too, drumming her knuckles against the table. “Later, nerds.”

They leave the room the same way they entered it—with panache. Lup seems pleased with how the meeting went.

“This is going to be fun,” she says. “Course credit for writing about things I’m doing anyway? Well done, Taako.”

Taako snorts. “You’re the one who suggested an advice column. I can’t believe they’re going to let me do that. What a con.”

They high-five too, grinning at each other.

“I’m going to come up with the best names,” Lup says. “The Neverwinter Never-read. The Neverwinter Gnome’s Notes. Because of Princi’port.”

“You’re thinking too small,” Taako says, shaking his head. “Scale it up. I’m coming in with something epic. I don’t have it yet, but check this space. It’s going to kick ass.”

“Bet I can do better, baby bro. It’ll be my legacy. The best newspaper name this school has ever had.” Lup laughs and knocks their shoulders together.

It’s good to have a class with her again, even if it is a weird correspondence journalism course Taako was essentially tricked into signing up for. They’re going to make this work.

“Infamy or bust.”

*

The thing about an uptight school like Neverwinter High is that when you make your teachers cry, almost get expelled, and generally “act out” like Taako does, they try and make you talk about your feelings. It’s annoying and bad and Taako hates it, but as far as counselor’s go, Merle Highchurch isn’t the worst. He doesn’t try to force Taako to talk about anything he doesn’t want to talk about and he’s not a complete asshole. 

He is a weird hippie and a cleric, but Taako can deal with that in exchange for Merle never looking at him with pity over some childhood bullshit Taako feels nothing about.

Taako knocks on the door to Merle’s office, after parting ways with Lup, and opens it to the sight of Merle stroking the shiny leaves of his largest ficus, a watering can in his prosthetic hand.

“Should I come back?” Taako asks. “Do you two want some privacy?”

Merle’s office holds an alarming number of houseplants. Taako spends most of his appointments trying really hard not to think about Merle’s probable fetish. He’s walked in on Merle having private conversations with plants before and it’s a bad scene. 

Merle stops petting his shiny-leafed plant and moves to the row of succulents on the windowsill, watering them without turning to look at Taako. “I heard you made another teacher cry today.”

“I've only done it twice.” Taako closes the door behind himself and drops into one of Merle’s chairs. Honestly, breaking Mr. Rick has been a long time coming. Taako’s been open about his contempt for the man from the get go. “Does Pan know you’re a gossip, Merle? Rick’s a loser anyway.”

Merle keeps sedately watering his plants and Taako bounces a foot against the leg of his chair. Merle’s office is small and the sheer volume of plants makes it feel even smaller. It’s kind of nice though. Bringing the outside in and all that jazz.

“I have another course lined up,” Taako says, when there’s nothing more forthcoming from Merle. “Princi’port had it all worked out by the time I got to his office. I’m taking journalism.”

There’s silence from the window as Merle painstakingly waters his plants. “We don’t... have a journalism class,” he says, after a moment.

“We do now,” Taako says. “Sort of. It’s correspondence.”

Merle lets out a bark of hoarse laughter and Taako’s head whips around to level a glare at him. Counselors aren’t supposed to laugh at students. He’s one hundred percent sure of that.

Merle’s turned away from his plants and is grinning at Taako, his one good eye twinkling with deep, deep amusement. “You got LEARNING AT MY OWN PACE’d, didn’t you?”

Fuck Taako’s life. “I did not,” he says. “Not really. Lup’s taking the class too.”

“Sure,” Merle says. “You going to tell me what you did to Mr. Rick to make him cry? Because so far I’ve heard stories ranging from you setting today’s recipe on fire to eating all the ham in the home ec room.”

“Why would I eat that much ham?” Taako shakes his head. “This school fucking sucks. I thought Princi’port would have told you.” He lets out an exaggerated sigh. “I guess technically the ham thing’s the closest? I didn’t set anything on fire. I’m not Lup. Rick had us making ham sandwiches. I made a croque monsieur because Taako isn’t a hack and it’s technically a ham sandwich too.” Taako shrugs, artful and indifferent. “Rick didn’t want to eat it. I told him to take a bite. The class decided they also wanted him to try it. I can’t help it if I occasionally inspire my fellow students to rise up against the tyranny of bad cooking.”

Merle sets his watering can down, crosses his arms over his chest as he leans back against the window ledge. “And now they’re going to teach you how to broadcast your thoughts to the world at large?”

“Scale it down a bit,” Taako says. “Princi’port only made me join the school paper.”

Merle’s eyebrows raise. “So what you’re saying is, in response to you starting a revolt in a single home ec class, Principal Davenport is giving you open access to the press?”

Taako pauses, tilts his head. “Huh,” he says. “I don’t think he thought this through.”

Merle pushes off the wall and walks over to take a seat behind his desk. Unlike Principal Davenport, he’s actually got furniture more or less scaled to work for him. Maybe it’s an administrator thing and Davenport can’t spend money on accommodations for himself. Merle leans back in his office chair and rests his hands on his stomach.

Merle doesn’t pretend to dress professionally. Taako’s fairly certain he’s never seen him wear anything other than his Hawaiian shirts and khaki shorts. The lack of bullshit Merle provides is actually pretty refreshing after a full day of wading through classes at Neverwinter High.

“Do you want to talk about why you felt the need to antagonize Mr. Rick today?”

Taako gives Merle an unimpressed look. “I could talk about it, but it seems like a real waste of both of our time. He’s a shitty teacher and a shitty cook. He wouldn’t last a day doing it for a living. The people would rebel the way his class did today. There’s no tears in the kitchen.”

“Uh-huh,” Merle says. “Look, Taako, you know I like you. That ship’s sailed. Can’t pretend I like Rick too much either, and his class is a joke, but we’ve talked about this before.”

Taako’s pretty sure they haven’t had an in-depth discussion about Taako making people cry before, unless Merle’s referring to when Taako was first mandated to attend these sessions, following the whole Leon thing. “Have we?”

“Self-sabotage.” Merle spreads his hands. “We both know you could have taken an easy A in home ec, but now you’re in a correspondence journalism class and working for the school paper.”

“Like fuck was I going to sit around and let Rick tell me how to make a fucking sandwich,” Taako says. He digs his nails into the palms of his hands. “That’s bullshit. It’s not self-sabotage to not compromise your—your integrity for a fucking grade.”

Merle considers this for a moment, then smiles. “I think the paper’s going to be a good place for you, kid,” he says. “I’ll let Dav know we hashed things out.”

Taako doesn’t get what Merle thinks they’ve done, but he grabs his tote bag off the floor and slings it over his shoulder regardless. He doesn’t need to know to be glad he can leave. The appointment’s over and he can go back to his dorm.

“Cool. Good talk, Merle,” he said, getting to his feet. “Glad I cleared my afternoon for this. See you next week or the next time someone sends me here. Whichever comes first.”

“Have a good evening, Taako.”

Taako’s mostly planning on eating fantasy instant ramen in his room and passing the fuck out, maybe doing some homework, but that’s not any of Merle’s business.

Merle’s next appointment is waiting in the hall outside his office already when Taako leaves. It’s not anyone Taako recognizes—some underclassman orc with emo hair—but the kid leans away when he sees Taako, so obviously Taako’s reputation proceeds him. That’s fine. Taako doesn’t know what this kid thinks he’d do to a stranger in front of the school counselor’s office, but okay. Obviously not one of the brighter problem students at school.

Taako ignores him and heads for his dorm. He’s good at ignoring people. It’s one of his Taako’s defining characteristics. Taako is aloof and detached and generally not interested in whatever the fuck is going on in other people’s lives. He has a small, carefully cultivated circle of two people he likes, and even that’s pushing things a bit. He doesn’t really understand Lup’s willingness to just… care about other people. 

They’ve got each other. Who really needs more than that?

*

At Neverwinter High, some seniors get single dorms. It’s the perfect way to top off four years at one of the best high schools in the world. Having your own room is a privilege earned through things like academic excellence. It involves perkily making friends, joining clubs, having a long list of extracurriculars, and stellar grades—not cultivating a fearsome reputation that has teachers cowering and begging not to have you in their class.

By all rights, Taako shouldn’t have a room to himself, but Taako knows how to play the long game. He’s had four roommates and three of them—Avi, Lucas, and Brad—begged to be rehoused before the end of their first semester living together. Pringles doesn’t count because even during freshman year he’d been almost perpetually stoned. And so, after a reign of terror characterized primarily by Taako just… being himself while in their shared space—clothes everywhere, always, very little respect for his room mates’ things—he’d been given the gift of a single room.

His clothes have more or less colonized the entire floor. Taako opens the door and kicks a uniform skirt out of his path—they’re a dime a dozen and he’s pretty sure this particular skirt is actually Lup’s—and drops his tote bag as he walks in.

He uses his feet to clear a path to the bed, flopping down face first into his pillow as soon as he reaches it.

He has paperwork for the journalism course to fill out and plans to make fantasy ramen, but the mattress feels pretty nice now that he’s on it, and if Taako’s honest, the reality of instant ramen just makes him feel sad for the world. When he and Lup were younger and still travelling in caravans, they’d had six months of really good ramen—been taught to make broth rich with pork fat and bone marrow by one of the cooks they met on the road. Rich broth that coated your tongue and was cloudy with flavour. Broth that didn’t come out of a sad little powder packet, dyed an artificially bright yellow.

The food in the cafeteria isn’t much better than instant soup. Then again, considering what Rick teaches students to think of as cooking, that’s understandable. For a fancy school, the food standards at Neverwinter High are real low. If the dorms had actual kitchens or students were allowed hot plates, Taako could make things work, but instead he’s been using Cooking and Baking II as a way to show off his true talents, to try to educate his classmates about real food.

Making Rick cry was totally worth the blow of losing that outlet. Taako wouldn’t take it back.

He rolls onto his side, his back to the door and his bag sitting on the floor beside it. The paperwork can wait for tomorrow.

  
 unknow: excuse me is this kim seokjin from apt 23?jinnie: …yes?unknow: do you happen to have a dog called moony?jinnie: wait what who is this what is happening are you stalking me?unknow: NO like, no, man it’s going to sound creepy anyway but i think i got your dog? by mistake? not my mistake, thojinnie: who gets a stranger's dog BY MISTAKE WHAT'S EVEN GOING ON HERE  unknow: oh right sorry i should have told you sooner i'm kim namjoon from apt 21 i got your number on the elevator list? sorry?jinnie: oh  unknow: i was just waiting for my pizza in front of the building and then this random guy showed up and asked me if i was mr.kim and well guess what... i am? then he must handed me the leash?jinnie: ohunknow: in my defense, i did try to warn him i wasn't the right mr.kim but i guess you know what happened so yeah... this is how i ended up with your... siberian husky?jinnie: man i'm so sorry so sorry my stupid brother was supposed to wait for moony there but he never showed up right i'm gonna kill him i'm so sorry for... everythingunknow: chill out man, it's ok shit happens right maybe something happened?jinnie: no, i'm pretty sure he just got busy with his boyfriend and forgot, that little brat i'm so fucking sorry are you at home? is moony being too much?unknow: yes, i am, but everything is ok? i just gave him some water and now he's lying on my couchjinnie: that sound's like moony i'm at work, but i'll ask taehyung to get him asap, i swear  unknow: it's ok i'll be home anywayjinnie: thank you so much and, again, i'm so sorryunknow: stop apologizing, it's fine this is what neighbors are for, isn't it?jinnie: yeah, right
------------------------
jinnie: taetaetae: supjinnie: why does a neighbor i've never seen in my life have moony at his place?taetae: ... oh fuckjinnie: go get him NOW i swear i'm killing you and jungkook as soon as i get hometaetae: ... kookie's not herejinnie: oh yeah sure and right now moony isn't either GO GET HIMtaetae: ugh whatever
------------------------
joonie: heyking min: hmjoonie: do you remember my upstairs neighbor?king min: which onejoonie: the one who sings along to super sad songs at 3 in the fucking morningking min: ah sweet voice fucker what's with himjoonie: man he's got the coolest dog   Jisung has never been a coffee person. There’s just something about the taste and the way it lingers on his tongue and in the back of his throat that he could never get past. Not even with all the sugar and cream in the world—and let it be known that he had tried outrageous combinations of the two. Jisung just couldn't do it. Thankfully, however, during his move into the new dorms maybe a month or so before, Jisung found a small, but bustling, cafe hidden around the corner from the student building.     The space is cute and vintage without being annoying or disgustingly so, which is something that Jisung appreciates greatly. There's a constant buzz of life as people speak and machines whir in the background, and Jisung immediately felt comfortable surrounded by the pale colors and lazy script detailing what the menu offered.    That, and the baristas standing behind the counter and Jisung was sure he would like the place as soon the little bell above his head went off to announce his arrival.    All in all, Jisung likes the cafe, and most of the people who work there are very nice and great at their jobs. But there's one thing that always bothered him, that he was just too shy and anxious to bring up when it occurred.   It's one barista in particular really, Minho, according to the small print on his nametag.   Minho took Jisung's order every time he reached the counter, even when someone else seemed to be working mere seconds before. Minho was pleasant, always courteous and smiling at Jisung when he came in for his morning hot chocolate. The only problem was that Minho had a thing for staring at Jisung, or more specifically Jisungs lips. His gaze unrelenting in the way he followed every word Jisung said.    Jisung couldn't help but notice, even though he tried his best to ignore it. Because no matter how nice Minho was, the whole thing was beginning to creep Jisung out.          A month into Jisung's visits to the cafe he decided he needed to deal with Minho, because even though he could simply go somewhere else, the cafe had some of the best hot chocolate he had ever tasted. And of course Minho just happened to be the one who made it for Jisung every day.     Jisung was standing at the counter waiting for Minho to bring his cocoa over when he finally felt like the time was right enough to bring the whole staring-contest-with-his-lips situation up. Without anyone waiting behind him Jisung didn't feel too strange bringing it up to the barista, or like he was taking up time that could be better spent. The cafe was mostly empty now, and every other barista seemed to be on break besides Minho.      "Hey, uh, Minho." Jisung started when the barista passed by his table, waving his hand a little in an awkward greeting. Minho stopped where he was going and turned towards Jisung with a polite smile, eyes once again trained on Jisung's lips as he spoke to him. Jisung wondered if he should be annoyed, because he's not surprised at this point.     "What's up?" Minho was always cheery, something Jisung did admire about him.    He had a sense of humor, and Jisung could occasionally see him joking around with one of the other baristas, Jeongin, when things were more slow during the day.    Of course now the cafe was void of people, so Minho's attention was solely on Jisung.     Jisung cleared his throat, a sudden feeling of embarrassment coming over him. He stared at the coffee cup in his hands, unable to look Minho in the eyes for fear he wouldn't be able to get the right words out as he rambled.   "So, you're really nice and all, and your cocoa is amazing, but the whole lip thing, I can see you staring when I talk and I just wanted to say it's kinda uncom—"    "Uh sorry, strange question, but could you look up at me?" Minho interrupted him, an oblivious but sincerely embarrassed smile on his face as he pointed at his lower lip for emphasis. Another one of Minho's habits that Jisujg couldn't deny was sort of adorable. "I need to read your lips or else I can't really understand what you're saying."      Jisung felt the whole world stop and restart in that one moment, head snapping up to look at Minho with a slack jaw and wide eyes.    Minho looked perfectly unaware of Jisungs crisis at the moment.    Jisung's cheeks, ears, and his whole body was flushed red in embarrassment, because how could it have not occurred to him at any moment that Minho was reading his lips?     He's suddenly reminded of all the times Jeongin had yelled and scared half the cafe but Minho had barely flinched, every time Jisung had said hello and Minho didn't respond until Jisung waving was clear in his view.   Jisung was such an idiot.    Minho seemed to sense something was wrong when Jisung's lips were doing very little other than opening and closing as he tried to think of what to say to him.    Minho's smile faded and eyebrows knitting together in a questioning gaze.    "You've got to be kidding me." Jisung muttered after a long bout of shocked silence.    "Oh... You were pointing it out weren't you—"    "No, not at all!" Jisung's hands flew it in front of him, as if him frantically waving would make his lie seem any better.    "Don't worry it happens all the time. I get a kick out of it at this point if I'm being honest." Minho chuckled, rubbing the back of his neck in a gesture that Jisung knew meant he was at least a bit uncomfortable with the situaiton.    Jisung nodded, still in a state of shock as he left a tip—a dollar or two more than usual—in the jar by the register and stumbled out the door, cocoa left forgotten in his haste to leave.     Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Jisung chanted in his head all the way to his first lecture of the day.           A week later and the conversation still haunts Jisung, so much so that he has taken to going to the cafe an hour later than usual in a not-so-sly attempt to avoid Minho, and the embarrassment of facing him again after the events that occured. Albeit his morning mood and palette are suffering with Minho's absence, and poor Jeongin has been left to figure out the old kettle used for hot drinks they can’t use the ever-so-popular espresso machine for. It’s an old blue thing that only seemed to like Minho—if such a thing was possible—and left a strange aftertaste whenever Jeongin attempted to make anything for Jisung with it. The tang of metal on his tongue ever present, just like the regret of his awful social skills and inability to simply go and apologize, for fear of offending Minho.     It takes Jisung completely by surprise when he ends up bumping into Minho in the produce section of the grocery store.       Truth be told they don’t really bump into each other. It’s more like Jisung see’s Minho bagging some peaches in the fruit aisle, and decides to run in the opposite direction.    He doesn’t like fruit all that much anyways, or this grocery store come to think of it. He supposes it’s time to find a new one. He almost makes it around the corner too, but before he can disappear with his cart in tow, someone is calling out for him.    "Jisung?"    "Oh, hey! Didn't see you there." Jisung's face was burning from the lie, but if Minho noticed he didn't say anything. The barista just smiled and walked up to Jisung like the latter hadn't been avoiding him for the past few days after making a complete ass of himself.    "I've missed you at the cafe, it's really boring without you." Minho speaks as if there was nothing wrong with what he is saying, as if they’re friends instead of acquaintances. "No one else gets hot chocolate other than you, and I hate using the machines—"    Jisung can’t take it anymore, the way Minho seems so content just talking his ear off,  which to be honest, isn’t a problem for Jisung, who enjoys listening to Minho talking very much. Especially when he can make out the slight (adorable) lisp the other boy has on some words, most likely from not being able to hear himself speak.     Jisung has to apologize for his behavior before he can allow Minho to continue, and before the guilt eats away at him to the point where there’s nothing left.    "Look Minho, I'm so sorry about that day with the lip reading and stuff, I had no idea." Jisung cuts Minho off mid sentence, about to hide his face in his hands but hesitating when he remembers what Minho had said. So Jisung leaves his face exposed in flushed shame as he speaks.    "Honestly it made me uncomfortable—before I realized what you were doing, and I should have just owned up to that but I didn't and thats—”    "Hey," Minho interjects, "don't worry about it Jisung, it happens to everyone most of the time. Your brain isn't wired to immediately assume things like that."    The way Minho says it, and with a smile that assures Jisung he means what he’s saying, Jisung feels all the guilt melt away. His shoulders visibly slump with relief, and a small breathy laugh slips past his lips.    "You're sure?"    "Oh definitely." Minho steps up and squeezes Jisungs shoulder. "And please, just come to me for hot chocolate, poor Jeongin is having a mental breakdown trying to learn the kettle."    A real laugh comes out this time, one that Jisung can feel throughout his whole body. He almost misses the way Minho's eyes widen and his grip on his shoulder tightens when it happens, feeling the motion and slight tremors from Jisung's laugh through his arm.          “Isn’t it hard to read lips constantly?”    “Of course it is, it’s exhausting sometimes, but it gets easier when I’m used to the way people move their lips when they talk. Like in the beginning it was kind of hard to read your lips, but after a while I pretty much got it down. I still can’t catch every word you say though.”    “That’s actually really cool. It’s not hard to deal with customers at all?”    “Sometimes, but working as a barista only gives so many options for people to choose from. I’ve been working there long enough where I’m confident. If I mess up, I’m only human.”    “You don’t use, it uh, it as an excuse?”    “What? Me being deaf? Nah, I’m not looking for pity.”    Jisung finds himself with Minho for the rest of the day, no longer so uncomfortable with the way Minho stares at his lips as he talks.    He finds the way that Minho laughs a few seconds after he cracks a joke strangely endearing, watching as Minho puts together his words, eyes narrowing as he follows Jisungs lips.    Jisung tries his best to speak slower than usual, but not so slow that Minho would catch him in the act and pout—as he did when Jisung had become too obvious about it earlier.    It’s clear to Jisung that Minho is in no way incapable of following a conversation, but he can also see the effort Minho puts into following.    After so long with not knowing Minho was impaired at all when it came to his hearing, Jisung has to continuously remind himself to face Minho when he speaks.    Once or twice Minho will tap him on the shoulder and ask him to repeat himself, Jisung’s face will burn red in embarrassment and he'll stutter over his words for a moment. But if it makes Jisung harder to understand, Minho says nothing about it.    He learns that reading lips is exhausting for Minho some days, and that Minho can use and understand sign language, but he prefers being able to know more of what is going on around him when it comes to hearing people.    Minho says being able to take part in at least some of the world when you otherwise are closed off is something he wouldn’t trade.    Jisung finds that he likes getting a glimpse (no matter how small) of Minho’s world.           “You look like shit.”    Jisung glares at Minho—who is grinning at him and trying and failing to hold back his giggles—dragging the hood of his sweater further down his face to hide the shadows under his eyes and the rats-nest that is his hair at the moment.    “You’re just mean.” Jisung says glumly, knowing he looks just as bad, if not worse than Minho's teasing. “I’d like you better if you were blind, give me my fucking cocoa.”    Jisung pouts over the steaming mug as Minho tells him about his day, clearly supressing a grin at Jisung's state.     Over the past few weeks Jisung and Minho have become strangely close.    Jisung has grown more accustomed to some of Minho’s odd quirks, used to Minho’s staring, how he listens to what that is less music and more making everything around them practically vibrate with how high Minho has the bass settings turned to. How Minho blinks often but almost too quick for Jisung to catch him in the act, as if Minho is trying to take in everything at once and miss as little as possible.    Jisung also learns that even if Minho is not in any way ashamed of his deafness, he often attempts to make it seem like it was less of a hassle during daily life, and in turn reveals that there were a few people—no longer in his life—who had made him feel like a burden some time ago.    Jisung finds this out when watching a movie with Minho in his apartment, as they had taken to having dinner at each others places when their acquaintanceship turned to friendship, seemingly over a simple cup of coffee (or cocoa in Jisung’s case).       The apartment itself is small but homey, not cluttered but full of things that give the space it’s own personality. Minho explains that rent is cheap because of the train station right next to his building, which makes too much noise for someone to sleep, meaning it's perfect for Minho.    With large windows and an amazing view of a park across the street and the sun brushing the tops of the buildings in the distance, Jisung falls in love with it almost immediately, even when Minho tries to convince him it really wasn’t much to look at.    While watching the movie—it being the first time they had done such a thing together— Jisung finds himself fidgeting and stealing small furtive glances at Minho, appreciating Minho’s high cheekbones and long eyelashes and everything else that made him so unique and lovely to look at. It takes Jisung a few glances, and one or two more just in case to confirm his suspicions. Minho looks completely lost, eyes squinting and lips moving as he tries—and fails—at following the quick pace of the actors lips on screen.    Jisung can see how the slump of defeat in Minho's shoulders only worsens whenever he realizes he has missed a line of dialogue spoken offscreen.    Jisung grabs the remote and pauses the television, startling Minho.    “Why—?    “I can see you trying to lip read.” Jisung makes sure he’s facing Minho, and only turns away when he’s sure Minho understood him. Taking the time to turn on the subtitles and rewind to the beginning, seeing as they only had been watching for maybe fifteen minutes.    Minho sputters for a moment, and Jisung can see behind his indignant expression he’s embarrassed for being caught, yet grateful at the same time. The faint scowl fades and Minho’s eyes flicker between Jisung’s lips and eyes, lips pursed.      “You won’t be bothered by the subtitles?” Minho finally asks.    “That’s why you didn’t say anything?” Jisung laughs, giggling through his words until he sees Minho’s ears are bright red and he refuses to look at Jisung.    Jisung’s smile fades and he reaches over, tapping Minho’s knee to get his attention. It takes a moment but Minho eventually looks at him, lips pursed in a shy way that makes Jisung want to squish Minho until that laughter comes back, unfiltered and loud and everything that Minho seems to like to hide about himself.    “I had a friend once, he would get annoyed by them.” Minho says, eyes not meeting Jisung’s like he usually makes an effort to do when he can. “He said it was annoying and he couldn't enjoy hanging out with me because of them and other... stuff. so I guess I just assumed—”     “Hey, I don’t find it annoying okay? As long as you can enjoy the movie too I think I’ll manage.” Jisung smiles, and vows that if he ever meets this so called ‘friend’ he’ll have a few choice words for him, and a nice fist for his face.     The room is much louder now, as Minho finally is able to chuckle at jokes and make commentary on what is going on. Jisung finds himself watching Minho for most of the movie, finding the shape of Minho's side profile more interesting than what is happening on screen. If Minho catches him doing so, he says nothing.         Then there are times Jisung forgets that Minho can’t exactly hear him. Minho is so fluid and natural when it comes to daily life, that it happens once or twice where Jisung will end up talking to himself for a few minutes, not realizing that Minho isn’t even looking at him, let alone reading his lips.    It happens occasionally, and most of the time Jisung can play it off like nothing happened, and Minho will be none the wiser. Jisung sometimes feels bad about it, being stupid enough to forget about such a big part of Minho’s life, but nothing will make him feel worse than the day he and Minho go to the mall.    When Minho’s shift at the cafe ends, Jisung is waiting out back by the dumpster, face breaking into a smile as soon as he sees Minho’s familiar head of hair, styled to perfection so it looks messy but calculated at the same time. Minho is tugging a jean jacket onto his arm as he struggles to bump the back door shut with his heel, and Jisung finds himself holding back a chuckle when he sees Minho’s black jeans are stained with sugar and flour—he must have been working with one of the bakers in the back today.    “We okay?” Minho asks when he finally notices and reaches Jisung a few meters away, holding up his hand with his thumb and pointer finger touching in an ‘OK’ symbol.    Jisung rolls his eyes and grabs Minho’s wrist, tugging him out of the alley. He doesn’t notice for a while that he never exactly lets go of his loose hold on Minho’s wrist, a warm feeling filling his chest when he realizes Minho never makes any move to take his hand away, other than pulling it slightly so Jisung is holding onto his hand rather than his wrist.    Jisung knows it makes it harder for Minho to understand him when he stutters, but he thinks Minho almost enjoys that he has this effect on Jisung at all.    When they arrive at the mall, Jisung drags Minho into a few department stores, with a few errands to run before he can do some leisure shopping. All this socialization in the past few months has left him with a slowly shrinking closet as he tries to not wear the same thing too often. He doesn’t want new clothes to impress Minho or anything, that would be completely absurd.    After Jisung finishes his errands, Minho drags him into a store Jisung has never been to before, but has heard mentioned once or twice from his friends.    “I’ve been needing new pants for ages.” Minho explains as he starts to pick and choose what he wants to try on. From what Jisung understands, being a barista is very harsh on your clothes, and while Minho does okay in the shirt department with his apron, his jeans often take a good beating and have to be replaced every month or two depending on the damage. Jisung personally finds it charming when Minho shows up at his apartment with some flour still on his nose, but can understand the annoying aspects of having his jeans constantly covered in white hand prints.    Before Minho disappears into the dressing room he hands Jisung his phone and wallet to hold while he tries the jeans on.    “Don’t take too long, I’ll be bored out here waiting for you.” Jisung pouts, which turns into a scowl when Minho just laughs at him before closing the door.    It doesn’t take a while for Jisung to get restless, he wanders around the store aimlessly, keeping the dressing room in sight for a little while, until across the way he sees a store with advertising headphones. Not just any headphones though, insanely good headphones that Jisung has totally been lusting after for the past three months, and there they are right in front of him. Jisung is itching for something to do, so he pops back over to the dressing room and knocks once to get Minho’s attention.    “I’m going to look at some headphones.”    And then he’s gone.    Jisung doesn’t even think about it as he browses over all the color selections of the headphones, eventually settling on black with red decals covering the smooth surface. Jisung might even say he’s in love when he walks out of the store with them tucked into his backpack.    The prospect of going home to test them out has him rushing to the back of the store where he left Minho so they can go back and he can show Minho how the bass setting work, let Minho feel the vibrations how he showed Jisung he does a week or so ago.    Only Minho isn’t in the dressing room when he gets back. The door is open and there’s a pile of neatly folded pants in the return basket outside the room.    “Minho?” Jisung’s eyebrows knit together as he scans the store for a head of familiar black hair. His confusion only grows when he finds he can’t see any sign of Minho anywhere.    Jisung feels a strange pit slowly growing in his stomach, dragging his phone out of his pocket and tries to text Minho. A few seconds go by and there’s a violent buzzing coming from his jacket pocket.    “Shit.” Jisung swears when he pulls out Minho’s phone, the screen lit up with the text Jisung just sent, cringey emoji and everything. Jisung goes to call out for Minho—figuring he can’t have gone far as Jisung was only in the other store for a few minutes. His words die in his mouth though when he remembers, and begins to mentally murder his past self. 
   Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. 
    He chants in his head as he squeezes Minho’s phone almost too tightly to his chest, the edges of the case digging into his palm. He makes his way through the racks of clothes, until he reaches the front desk, where a young woman sits clacking away on the keyboard of the computer in front of her. The sound is like nails on a chalkboard to Jisung’s slowly building headache but he has to has her if she noticed Minho go anywhere.     “Excuse me,” Jisung tries to sound calm, Minho’s phone pressed to his chest as if it would magically begin to ring and have Minho on the other side telling him how dumb he was. “Have you seen the guy I was with earlier? I— I kind of lost him and I have his phone so—”    “Him?” The girl looks up at him and seems to think for a moment. “He paid for his stuff a minute or two ago, then he walked out. I didn’t see where he went, sorry.”    “Oh, thank you.”    Jisung contemplates all his options, he can’t call Minho, he has Minho’s phone and Minho would never even be able to hear him anyways. He can’t go to the mall security, they’d just make an announcement, and Minho wouldn’t hear that either. He knows Minho can take care of himself, but the thought of Minho not knowing where he went, wondering if Jisung abandoned him, is enough for Jisung to fall into something close to panic.    God, what did people even do before phones? How did they go anywhere and not lose each other? Fuck.     Jisung pinches himself on the arm to calm his thoughts, focusing on the small burst of pain until his head clears more.     Minho’s phone begins to buzz violently in his grip, making Jisung jump before he shakily presses the ACCEPT CALL button with his trembling thumb. The caller ID is an unknown number, but Jisung has hope.    “Huh—Hello?”    “Hello dear, is this a Han Jisung?” An old woman's shaky voice crackles through the phone, and Jisung holds the phone with two hands against his ear.     “Yes ma’am.” Jisung feels a tear fall down his cheek, out of the overwhelming rush of anger and guilt taking root inside of him. He hiccups as he rubs his sleeve over his cheek to brush the tear away.    “I have a young man with me, Minho. I think he’s a bit lost.”    Jisung is on his feet before the woman is finished with her sentence, knuckles white as they clutch Minho’s phone like a lifeline.    “Oh my god, yes, I mean—Uh, yes I’ve been looking for him cuh—can you please tell me where you are?” Jisung stumbles over his words, but he can’t bring himself to care he’s so relieved.    “Of course sweetie, we’re on the first floor sitting by the fountain.” The woman pauses, and Jisung holds his breath, unable to hear anything over the line. “Minho would like to say something.”    “Jisung?” Minho sounds hopeful, but tired. “I uh, if you say something I won’t be able to know obviously, but I just wanted to say I’m okay. I’ll be waiting for you.”    Jisung rushes down the stairs, trying not to bump into too many people as he searches for the fountain him and Minho had walked by on their way inside. It was easy to spot when Jisung reached the first level, filled with coins tossed in exchange for a wish.    It took a moment for him to locate Minho, seeing him sitting on the edge of the fountain with an old woman with greying hair, both of them moving their hands in strange ways.    Minho looks stressed, but the woman seems to be doing a good job keeping him company, it only takes Jisung a few seconds to reach them and catch Minho’s attention.    “You called?” Jisung cringes at his introduction, but he’s pretty sure Minho didn’t even pickup on it with the way he marches right up to Jisung and punches him in the shoulder as hard as he can.    Jisung lets out a yelp, unable to reach up and make sure his shoulder is okay before Minho drags him into a bone crushing hug.    “I couldn’t find you anywhere you asshole!” Minho’s voice is a bit more slurred than usual, which is understandable. Minho was probably more concerned with finding his asshole of a friend than his pronunciation.    Jisung waits until Minho let’s go and can see him to speak, gripping Minho’s shoulders and hoping Minho understands how sorry he is. “I swear I didn’t mean to—”    “Jisung you’re crying.”    Turns out Jisung is crying, but only a little bit. One or two more tears have slipped out since Minho hugged him. Jisung looks down and wipes them away, laughter coming out in breathy gasps as he sniffles and tries his best to look okay, and not like his entire world had just been imploding less than five minutes before.    “Shit, I guess I kinda panicked back there.” Jisung takes a shaky breath, and is glad Minho can’t hear the hiccups that continue to slip out of him.    “I’m glad you found him.” The old woman speaks finally, moving her hands yet again as she talks.    Jisung doesn’t want to assume anything, but he’s almost sure that she is signing to Minho.    For a moment Jisung is lost, watching as Minho and the woman have a whole conversation in front of him, and he knows nothing of what they’re saying. He can’t describe the feeling that comes over him—pity, uselessness, something that settles over his heart—when he realizes Minho must live like this day to day, watching people all around him engage and talk with one another.    Jisung can't imagine living with no way to understand what people are saying on a whim, especially when he knows not everyone Minho has come across has been willing to give him the time he needs to understand and think and really talk.    Jisung would give Minho all the time in the world if he could, wishing the world would understand the beauty in how Minho navigated through his days and how he didn’t let it bring him down.    “Jisung?”    Minho is looking up at him with a worried expression, eyebrows knit together as he searching Jisung’s face for something.    “I’m here, sorry, just a bit lightheaded.” Jisung says, assuring Minho he’s fine.     “Too much excitement for one day I assume.” The old woman chuckles, patting Minho on the cheek and giving Jisung a polite bow, to which both he and Minho respond. "Get home safely boys."    Both of them make it to Minho’s apartment just fine, but it’s clear how exhausting the experience was for Minho when he collapses onto his couch and falls asleep almost instantly. Clothes and all. Jisung takes the time to at least take Minho’s shoes off and place them in the shoe rack by his door, relieved that he doesn’t have to watch how much noise he makes.    Jisung doesn't talk to Minho again until later that night when he walks out of the shower to see almost 20 voicemails from Minho. Most of them are him singing horribly off-key to the lyrics of girl group songs he's never heard the melody of, and a hundred texts of colorful emojis and selfies of Minho pouting and making kissy faces at him, and one final one with a heart at the end.       MINHO 21:18 > Sleep well pretty Jisungie, you're dumb but I wouldn't be friends with you if you weren't. Don't beat yourself up and have good dreams! ♡    Jisung falls asleep smiling, and with a new lockscreen on his phone of Minho blowing him a kiss. His chest full of a pleasant warmth.           It’s a few weeks after the mall incident that Jisung gathers the courage to ask Minho.    They’re in the middle of making lunch in Jisung’s kitchen, just another domestic habit they’ve picked up ever since they found out that Minho’s afternoon shift starts at the same time as Jisung’s courses for the afternoon.    Minho mentioned it offhandedly, how he usually ended up in the cafe an hour earlier than scheduled because that was the only time the bus in his neighborhood made the stop that was—by some strange coincidence—right outside of Jisung’s housing building, which was just around the corner from the cafe.    It worked perfectly.    Like Jisung mentioned before though, it was almost grossly domestic; eating whatever Jisung had for dinner the night before, or whatever Minho brought from his own place in Jisung’s cramped lounge until they both had to leave.    It was both the most disappointing part of Jisung’s day, four times a week, but also the one he looked forwards to the most. Because without fail, Minho would hug Jisung everyday before they stepped out of the front hall of the building to go their separate ways.     It was those few seconds every day that kept Jisung warm as he walked to the lecture hall.     “Hey Minho?” Jisung asks, waving his hand to gain Minho’s attention from the sandwich he is making.    “Did you say something?” Minho asks, and Jisung wonders one last time if Minho will find him rude for asking, having always treated Minho no different than he would a hearing person.    Jisung wonders whether this is the invisible line he wasn’t meant to cross.    “I uh, I don’t want to seem rude or anything, I just kind of have a question… For you…”    “Okaay.” Minho drags the last syllable out, eyebrows quirking up in curiosity.    “So, like,” Jisung rubs the back of his neck, trying his best to not look away from Minho. “Wuh—What’s it like to be, uh, deaf?”    The silence drags on much longer for Jisung than it does in reality, he knows, but it still is enough for him to start thinking of a million apologies, contemplating kneeling in front of Minho.    “Pfft, you’re not rude Jisung, don’t worry.” Minho chuckles and hands Jisung his plate.    They end up on Jisung’s couch like usual, facing each other as they talk.    “It’s kind of hard to explain, especially since I’ve been deaf most of my life. Even when I still had some hearing, it was very poor, and the hearing aids I used only did so much for me.”    Jisung listens to Minho with morbid fascination, his curiosity only growing now that he knows Minho is comfortable talking to him about the topic.    “Actually, I have an idea!” Minho exclaims just a bit too loud, another quirk that fills Jisung up with a warm feeling in his chest.        “So, you'll put these on, and try to read my lips, okay?” Minho explains, holding Jisung’s headphones out, the ones that are nearly soundproof. Them, paired with some white noise, according to Minho, will be able to give Jisung an idea of what it’s like to be able to read lips.    “It’s going to be harder than it seems, I’ve had years of practice and experience.” Minho doesn’t say it as if he’s bragging, just explaining. “I generally only catch seventy percent of what you’re saying, and even then a lot of it is process of elimination and guesswork, depending on context clues.”    Minho tells Jisung that it’s not only the lips he pays attention to, it’s also body language, facial expressions, and Jisung is struck with how hard Minho must work to talk with him at all, and begins to feel guilty about the number of times he spoke to fast, with food in his mouth, and so many other things that must have made it more of a challenge for Minho.    “You ready?”    Jisung nods, taking a deep breath before fitting the headphones over his ears.    It takes Jisung a moment to adjust to the buzzing in his ear, which after a few seconds, blends into a hum that reminds him of those times when it’s so silent it seems like everything is so loud. In front of him, Minho gives him a thumbs up, and Jisung finds himself staring intently at Minho’s lips as they move. 
   Okay? 
    Jisung feels a small burst of pride when he understands Minho, but it fades quickly when Minho’s lips begin to move again, in strange ways that Jisung can’t follow fast enough to figure out what they mean.    He misses the first part of the sentence, but he can at least tell that it’s a question. He considers it a very sad victory that isn’t a victory at all.    “Do I want tteokbokkie?” Jisung asks hesitently, looking up to Minho’s eyes, which crinkle up as he laughs—Jisung mourns the fact that he can’t hear it happen—and shakes his head. Jisung pouts.    “Are you sure?”    Jisung pouts and takes off the headphones for a moment.     "What did you say?" Jisung asks, feigning a kick at Minho when he continues to laugh. "Come on! What did you say?"    "I asked you if you knew you were pretty."    All words leave Jisung for a moment as he stares at Minho, who gives him a shy smile in return.     "Oh..."    "Very pretty."    Minho hums as he nods, reaching up and tugging the headphones back over Jisung's ears. A shiver runs through Jisung when he feels Minho's fingers brush past his flushed cheeks.     Jisung is still frozen for a moment, until he sees Minho talking to him and his racing mind is overcome with the need to try and figure out this new puzzle. His face doesn't cool down for a long while though.       Jisung learns that he is absolutely terrible at reading lips. It seems that the more dejected Jisung becomes, the more entertained Minho appears to be.    Minho holds up one finger to help Jisung along.    One more?    Jisung nods, knowing that all too soon they’ll both have to leave each other. The happy feeling in Jisung’s chest will hopefully remain throughout his class, and be the one thing preventing him from smashing his head into his desk in an attempt to end his suffering.    Jisung focuses on Minho’s lips, silently admiring them in the moments Minho isn’t speaking, and also as he talks. Jisung finds the way Minho forms his words strangely beautiful, like a form of art that has yet to be discovered. Something Jisung could keep to himself to admire.    He thinks that even if he never wears these headphones again for this purpose, he’ll be looking at Minho’s lips a lot more often than he used to. 
   Can I...you? 
    “A little slower.” Jisung asks, leaning forwards, he’s determined to get this last one. 
   Can I kiss you? 
    “Can I kiss you? Can I kiss you!” Jisung throws his arms up when he finally gets it, only to freeze and look at Minho, who is watching him with an expression Jisung has never seen before.    It’s vulnerable, almost scared.    “Can you kiss me?” Jisung blinks a few times, unsure if he actually understood right. He almost wonders if it’s a joke Minho is playing, until Minho nods slowly.    Jisung lowers his hands into his lap, jaw slack.    Minho turns to stand up, probably about to run out. Jisung snaps out of his stupor and drags Minho back down onto the couch, the static playing in his ears nothing compared to the sound of blood rushing through his head as he nods, taking Minho’s hands in his own.    “Yeah, yes, please kiss me.”    Minho’s hands are soft, Jisung thinks when Minho settles one of them on the side of his neck, right over his pulse, which is sure to be going crazy at this point. Even more so as Minho takes his own sweet time removing the headphones and seems to take a minute to just look, though it could be Jisung’s own brain turning the kiss into his very own disney moment.     His heart pounding as Minho leans in.    Jisung’s breath catches in his throat when Minho’s lips brush against his own, his eyes closed and hands trembling where they rest on Minho’s hip and knee respectively. The taste of peach soda is both unexpected yet still unsurprising to Jisung. Something that is unapologetically Minho, he thinks fondly.    It should be awkward, seeing as one half of the situation depends on Jisung not being so, but strangely everything seems to click into place.    Minho’s lips are soft, but firm against Jisung's own when he leans closer, the first brush of lips merely a tentative step before Minho’s lips are moving against Jisung’s and a tingling sensation spreads throughout Jisungs body.     He doesn't even notice as he leans into every touch, following Minho as he leans back, until Jisung falls forward into Minho's waiting arms with a small surprised huff. He doesn't let Minho get away with his shit eating grin though, climbing into Minho's lap and taking a handful of his shirt to keep him from moving any further away.     It takes a moment for Jisung to realize that Minho is laughing as he kisses him, Minho’s other hand coming up to cup Jisung’s cheek and brush his thumb across his cheekbone.    “What?” Jisung pulls away, the happiness that had begun to fill his body faltering for a moment. Did Minho think he was a bad kisser? Did he do something weird?     “Nothing, I promise, it’s just your heartbeat is insane—” Minho giggles, dragging Jisung over into another gentle kiss.    "It's always like that when it comes to you." Jisung admits, shoving Minho down on the couch to kiss him again, and again, and again, until his own lips are stained with the taste of peach and Minho has felt every tremor of excitement and will know how happy he makes Jisung.     Jisung wonders if Minho can feel his smile as he kisses him, relishing every shaky exhale and small nose swallowed up by his lips. He knows Minho probably isn't even aware of them, and the thought sends a shiver down his spine that he might be one of the only people to know Minho this way. To see Minho's eyes crinkle up when Jisung kisses him all over his face, to hear Minho fall into a fit of giggles when Jisung snuggles up into his chest and presses a kiss to his jaw.           Fifteen minutes later and Jisung’s heart has yet to calm itself, and if you were to look closely, you would see that Jisung’s lips are slightly more red than usual. His lower lip tingles as he runs his tongue over the seam of his lips. The taste of Minho’s peach soda is there, and he feels a small burst of satisfaction.    Minho kisses the corner of his smile before they leave the apartment.    They walk down the stairs to the front hall as slow as they can manage, fingers laced together even though it makes going through the revolving door a hassle.     “See you when your shift ends?” Jisung asks, and Minho is staring at his lips for a whole new reason now as he leans down to cover their inch difference and kiss Jisung before nodding.    “For sure.”           "So how do I ask for a kiss in sign language?"Poe Dameron wasn’t lonely.Why would he be? He had a solid job, great friends, and even a cute little corgi to cuddle up to on cold nights. Besides, New York is a big city. Who could be lonely in a city of 8 million people? The point is: he wasn’t lonely. But there were people who seemed to think otherwise. So what if Poe hadn’t had a serious relationship in years? That didn’t mean he was unhappy. A little sexually frustrated, maybe, but he was content. Truly. And if sometimes he looked at the couples passing by with a pang in his chest and longing in his eyes, then that was his business. ----------------------------  Poe’s alarm went off at 5:00, just as it did every day. The routine was the same: get up, shower, make coffee, walk BB, then open the bakery below his apartment. He twisted the padlock into the right four digit code, walked into the familiar parlor, and headed to the back to get started on the day’s bakes.The bakery was small, but cozy, with mismatched tables and armchairs spread sporadically throughout the front parlor. There was a small bookshelf in the cornern filled with some of Poe’s old favorites, in case anyone came in just to relax and get away. At the counter, there was an old register, some stools, and a large display case under the chalkboard on which Poe wrote the menu for the day.He’d inherited the bakery from his father, who’d named it Bey’s Bakes, after Poe’s late mother. Kes Dameron had bought the little building - a weary-looking brownstone wedged between two sleek, shiny offices - when Poe was 9, just after his mother had died. His mother had always loved his father’s baking; her smile when she came home to the sight of her son and husband covered in flour, holding her favorite pie, was something Poe would never forget.  When Poe had been honorably discharged from the Air Force seven years ago, he hadn’t known what to do with himself. He’d been drifting, trying to find a purpose after leaving the military, struggling to cope with the after effects of fighting in a harsh and brutal war. When his father had gotten sick, Poe took it upon himself to run the bakery in his stead, until Pa was strong enough to get back on his feet.But Pa hadn’t recovered. Poe found himself with newfound responsibilities, determined to make his father proud, and keep his business thriving.There was nothing that Poe loved more than flying. Nothing. But here, in the small backroom of his little bakery, he felt safe. He felt at home.Poe finished his first batch of pies and put them into the ovens. He strode to the storefront and climbed up on his stool to write the menu for the day. Very carefully, with purpose, he wrote: Shara’s Homemade Peach Cobbler.Poe smiled. Happy birthday, Ma. ---------------------- Normally, Poe enjoyed having the opening shift. For the first couple hours, he only had a dozen or so customers, usually suits who got up as the ass-crack of dawn to go to a corporate job they hated. He’d found out only a few months ago that most of his early morning customers worked at First Order, a law firm a few blocks away. From what he could gather, the boss was a nightmare, the hours were absurd, and vacation days were few and far between. Every couple of weeks someone would come in around 6 o’clock looking dejected and disheveled, with a cardboard box filled with office supplies. Poe made sure to take the time to personally bring them some hot chocolate and a cupcake, on the house. Getting fired sucked.On this particular morning, Poe was anticipating a bit more business than usual. It was the first day of classes for NYU, which meant an influx of eager students. It was because of the fairly steady stream of co-eds that came through during the fall and spring months that Poe had decided to invest in an espresso machine and some extra tables. Once he’d added the extra sitting areas, Bey’s Bakes quickly became a favorite hangout for the undergrads. Poe usually found himself swamped with returning students anxious to revisit their favorite cakes and pies in the first few weeks of September.Instead of the usual handful of lawyers he was used to, on this day he found himself surrounded by bleary-eyed students, bemoaning their decisions to take 8 am classes. Poe was just at his wits end when Jessika walked in, 15 minutes late and panting. “Jess! Thank god. Come handle the coffee orders while I take care of the bakes.” e and Jessika had served together overseas before Poe’d been discharged, and she’d been his closest friend for years. She’d become such an intrinsic part of the shop since he'd badgered her into taking a job after being discharged (a few years after him); he couldn’t fathom how he’d survived without her.Together they managed the morning rush, and eventually the shop was quiet enough for them to grab a stool each and have some coffee.A young woman with dark hair walked in, and Poe lit up."Rey!” he yelled, jumping over the counter to wrap the girl in a hug, “How the hell are ya?” He pulled the smiling girl over to the counter and listened intently as she told he and Jess about her summer adventures over coffee. Rey was a senior this year, a thought that made Poe’s heart clench. He adored the girl, had ever since she came in two years ago holding his lost dog in her arms. He looked over to see Jess staring at Rey, enraptured, and allowed himself a small chuckle. He’d been patiently waiting for Jess to ask Rey out for years now, and he suspected the other girl was in much the same position. “-and then, Han offered me a job! Right on the spot! Can you believe that?” Jess squealed in excitement, and Poe realized he’d missed a key part of this conversation during his musing. “Wait, what?” Jess slapped him in the arm. “Solo offered Rey a job at his shop. She’s gonna start with him as soon as she graduates.”Poe froze. Han Solo’s repair shop was the best in the city, easily. Rey had done really well for herself. Moreover, Millennium Falcon Repairs was no more than 6 blocks away.Rey was going to stay in New York instead of moving back to England after graduation.Poe let out a whoop as he grabbed Rey into a hug. He’d had more than his fill of people leaving him, and he was infinitely glad that he wouldn’t have to add Rey to that list.Rey giggled as the pair held on to her tightly.“All right, all right, that’s enough. I have to head over to class – I just wanted to stop by and tell you about the job.”They said their goodbyes, and soon enough it was just the two of them in the shop. Jess was still glowing from the news Rey had told them, and Poe didn’t have it in him to tease her, not when he was in the same boat. She glanced over at the menu, getting up to head to the back and start making some cupcakes before the afternoon rush. Poe noticed her pause upon seeing the peach cobbler, and steeled himself for a question about how he was feeling, or if he needed the day off. Instead, Jess simply gave his shoulder a squeeze, shot him a quick smile, and left him to mind the storefront. Sometimes he loved her so much it hurt. ----------------------  Around 6 o’clock, the door chimed, and Poe looked up to see a young man carrying a cardboard box, no doubt the latest reject from First Order. Poe went to make some hot chocolate and prep the Post Firing Pity Cake, as Jess had begun to call it. But he paused as he looked at the man. He didn’t seem all that upset, for someone who’d just been fired.Actually, the more Poe looked at him the more he forgot about the pity cake all together. He was stunning, with dark, smooth skin and a strong jawline. Poe couldn’t help but notice his full lips and wide, dark eyes. The man was slim, but nicely built and - Poe was being inappropriate.The man set his stuff down and then walked up to the counter cheerfully. Before Poe could stop himself, he blurted out: “Why aren’t you crying?”The man paused, confused. “Sorry?”Poe felt his face get hot and looked down at his hands. “Sorry, it’s just that most people who come in here after being fired by First Order are a little...uh...upset. Not that I’m assuming you did get fired! That is, I’m sure you were a good employee, so why would they fire you? I shouldn’t make assumptions –“ Poe stopped his rambling when he heard gentle laughter from the man in front of him. He looked up to see the man smiling warmly at him. Which. Wow. That smile could power a sun, Poe was sure. “I quit, actually.”Poe gaped at the stranger. You didn’t quit at First Order. Sure, it was a hellhole, but if you stuck it out you were looking at six figures. Poe couldn’t even fathom the amount of money this guy had just passed on.“Besides, I was only an intern, anyway.”“Oh, so you’re a student?” Poe felt like there was something he needed to be doing, but he couldn’t remember what.“Yeah. It’s my last year of law school. Criminal law.”Something must have shown on Poe’s face, because the man started laughing.“That’s the usual reaction I get when I tell people that. Honestly, I was having doubts when I went to First Order. We were all so excited about working at this well-known, fancy firm, but it was so soulless, you know? You have to protect these massive corporations from lawsuits from sick workers, environmental agencies…it was horrible, to have to defend people like that. I mean, I know criminal law is where you go if you want to get rich quick, but I want to help people; make a difference. I’m not in it for the money.”Poe stared in awe at the spark in the man’s eyes as he spoke, the conviction and determination on his (truly gorgeous) face. He was incredible.The man flushed, embarrassed by Poe’s staring. He’d obviously taken Poe’s silence as discomfort. “Sorry, I don’t know why I told you that. I swear I don’t usually over share like this.”Poe laughed. “That’s alright, buddy. We’ve all been there. I’ve been told I have a ‘comforting presence’: Maybe that’s it?”The man smiled, relieved. “That must be it, then." He paused for a minute, looking around. "So… should I order now?”Poe could have smacked himself. He’d been so distracted by this handsome, earnest stranger that he’d completely forgotten he was meant to be serving him. At least Jess was cleaning up in the back. God, he’d have never heard the end of it if she’d seen him mooning over some guy.“Yes, of course. Sorry,” Poe managed to respond through his cringing, but it had been a close thing.The man looked at the menu, and then lit up suddenly.“Peach cobbler? That’s my absolute favorite. I’ll have two slices to go, please.”Poe stared. A handsome lawyer, who shared his mother’s love of peach cobbler? Somewhere, someone was laughing at him.“Well, they’re on the house. It’s not every day a man frees himself from corporate greed,” Poe said with a smile. The man paused, then his face broke out into a wide grin.“Hey, thanks man!” The handsome man took his pie, and his box, and headed to the door, as Poe stared unabashedly at his ass. Just as the man was walking through the door, he paused and turned around.“My name’s Finn, by the way. I’m sure I’ll see you around.”Poe startled. “I’m Poe.”The man – Finn – gave him a dazzling smile, before walking out, leaving Poe alone in the shop.Poe stared at the door for a long while, then let out a deep sigh.“Well, I’m fucked.”  ---------------------- The next morning, Poe went through the morning bakes bleary-eyed and yawning. He’d been kept up by nightmares, yet again. It was hardly a new development; Poe’d been dealing with night terrors ever since he’d been discharged. Even BB was used to them by now.He was lucky, really, that he could make nearly all his desserts and pastries without really putting much thought into it. Otherwise he would have had a disaster on hand.He went to grab some fruit for his first batch of pies and paused when he noticed the box of peaches. Might as well, he thought. Wouldn’t want those peaches to go to waste. And if he thought of Finn’s 100-watt smile while he was rolling out the dough, well then that was his business.Somehow he made it through the morning without falling asleep. When Jess came in at 7:30, she took one look at him and pushed him to the backroom for a much needed nap. Yet another reason why he loved Jess: she understood, perhaps better than anybody in his life, what it is to be haunted.He woke up briefly as Jess draped a blanket over him, murmuring his thanks while she looked at him sympathetically. She gave him a gentle kiss on the forehead before heading back to the counter. Poe had done the same for her many times, when her own war memories had kept her up at night.What must have been several hours later, he heard the familiar padding of paws on tile and felt a small pressure at his side. Jess must have gotten BB and sent her to Poe to wake him. Sure enough, he felt BB licking at his face, and he groaned as the dog jumped on his stomach.Rubbing his eyes, he walked back into the storefront, only to be confronted with the sight of both Rey and Finn sitting at his counter, chatting with Jessika.“Poe! Come meet my roommate!” Rey yelled. Poe froze. This might be a problem.  ----------------------   Apparently it had gone something like this:Finn had been walking home from his internship one night and seen what looked like Rey getting mugged. He’d gone over to help, only to see Rey kick the guy’s ass without any assistance needed. They’d gone for coffee, where, after an awkward attempt at flirting (“He tried to hit on me, Jess. Me!”), they’d both admitted to their need for a roommate. It was just like Rey to meet someone, decide she liked them, and commit to them without thought. Her instincts were always solid, though, so he suspected she saw in Finn what Poe himself had seen.This undoubtedly meant that he would be seeing Finn at least as much as Rey.Poe could handle that.Probably.Finn grinned hugely when Poe came over, waving excitedly. Poe couldn’t help but give him a shy smile back. Honestly, having that smile directed at him was enough to make Poe’s knees weak.“I see you’ve put my favorite on the menu again. Must be my lucky day, huh?” Finn said, delighted. When Jess shot him a confused look, he continued. “I was here last night. Poe listened to my woes and gave me some peach cobbler. He was very nice about it. Didn’t even make me pay.”Poe felt his ears go pink and risked a glance at Jess, groaning internally as he saw her expression. There’d be questions later, he was sure.The conversation moved on quickly from then, with Rey, Finn, and Jess debating the merits of pie vs. cobbler while Poe tended the register and dealt with customers. He wasn’t trying to eavesdrop, honestly, but when Finn managed to work in a truly terrible baking pun, he snorted so loudly that he startled BB from where she’d been sitting dozing to him. Finn looked over, obviously pleased with himself at having made the baker laugh. Poe felt his face flush, again. It was like he was some schoolgirl with a crush on the new kid.Rey and Finn left soon after that, heading to work and class respectively. The door had barely swung shut before Jess was dragging Poe into the back room. He braced himself, anticipating a slew of questions and demands when -“You baked him a pie?” Poe blinked. This was not what he’d anticipated. “Wha – no?” Jess was unimpressed. “Your mom’s pie. You only make it on special occasions. Yesterday was mom's birthday. As far as I know, there’s nothing especially significant that happened today.” “The peaches were gonna go bad! What was I supposed to do?” “Give them to the soup kitchen like you always do?” “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize making a pie in a bakery merited an interrogation from the Spanish Inquisition,” he retorted defensively. Jess’s expression softened at his discomfort. “Hey,” she said gently. “I’m not trying to be a bother. It’s just – I can’t remember the last time you were even interested in a guy, let alone baked for him.” Poe sighed, all the fight gone out of him. “I’m not. Interested, that is.” At Jess’s raised brow, he corrected himself. “Even if I was, which I’m not saying I am, what would I do about it? ‘Hey Finn, I think you’re real swell. Wanna go out sometime? I can tell you all about my P.T.S.D. Oh, you wanna know about my last boyfriend? Well, let me tell you – ‘” “Alright, I get it,” Jessika cut him off, “you have baggage. So do I. So does Rey. You think Finn doesn’t have his own shit to work through?” Poe sighed and glanced away. “It’s not that simple, Jess.” “It really is.” ----------------------  Around 6:00, Finn came in again, this time without Rey. Poe was relieved to that he’d come in after he’d sent Jess home for the day. He could do without an audience for this.“Hey Poe! I’ll have some coffee, please, and a slice of that cobbler. I’ll even pay this time!”Poe chuckled and handed over the dessert while he went to make the coffee. When he turned around, he was surprised to see that Finn had set his textbooks on the counter and was waiting expectantly.“So the food’s not to go tonight?”Finn grinned. “Nah. I thought it might be good to get out of the apartment for a while. Besides, Rey and Jess are hanging out, and who knows what they might get up to.” He winked at Poe, and the baker laughed, his ears going pink.“Well then, you’re in luck. It’s Friday, and Friday means date night.”Poe loved weekends at the bakery. Bey’s Bakes was a popular date spot, especially for first dates. Those were Poe’s favorite. They were always adorably awkward, painfully sweet, or horrifically bad. He secretly loved the bad ones most. Poe always made sure to write down the names of the couple after they ordered their coffees in case he needed to stage an emergency on someone’s behalf.He explained the perks of weekends at the bakery, much to Finn's delight. It was teh first weekend since the start of the semester, so they were sure to get some good Tinder dates. Soon enough a young couple came in and ordered some coffee, sitting down at one of the cozier tables.Poe wrote down the names, just in case of a disaster: Hux and Sara.Finn gestured for Poe to lean forward. Poe was so distracted by the man’s mouth being so close to him that he almost missed what Finn said next: “That’s my old boss, Hux. He’s a nightmare.”He and Finn watched with a sick pleasure as the guy droned on about his many accomplishments while the poor girl sat and listened, clearly bored. Once they moved on to politics, and the red-haired man began to speak about the evils of immigrants, about their stealing jobs and constant breaking of the law.Poe leaned over the counter and whispered conspiratorially, “Little does he know that a child of those loathsome immigrants made the very scone he’s eating.”Finn choked on his coffee, having taken a sip at just the wrong moment. He continued to laugh even as he coughed. They looked over to see the girl glance surreptitiously at the door, which simply set them off again.Poe paused as he heard Hux say something particularly unsettling. “Did he just quote Mein Kampf?”“I think he might have.” Finn looked about as disturbed as Poe felt.“That’s it, abort mission.” Poe grabbed the corded phone from the wall (the Official Bakery Phone) and pretended to receive a call. “Is there a Sara here? Sara? You’ve got a phone call.” The girl looked over, puzzled. Poe gave her a wink, and he saw understanding dawn on her face. She got up and practically sprinted to the counter.“Thank you so much,” she whispered, before having a very distressed, very convincing pretend phone call. She gave the man some excuse about a sick grandmother and a dead cell phone before bolting from the building.Poe and Finn somehow managed to keep straight faces until the disgruntled asshole left, then dissolved into giggles. Once their laughter died down, Finn spoke, wiping tears from his eyes. “I needed that.”“How did he not recognize you?”“There were a lot of interns. Eventually they just numbered us. I was 2187. I don’t think anyone there even bothered to learn my name, let alone get to know me.”Poe reached out and grabbed the young man’s hand without thinking. “Well then, that’s their loss.”Finn smiled at Poe, only the baker hadn’t seen this one yet. It was softer, more intimate. He put his other hand over the baker’s. “Thanks, Poe.”  ----------------------  Poe headed up to his apartment that night smiling widely. BB was practically vibrating with joy upon seeing him. He happily scooped his little buddy into his arms as he walked into the flat. He’d called her BB-8, after the very first plane he’d ever flown, but eventually he’d just left it at BB, to avoid odd stares in the park.Normally, when Poe came home, he would cuddle with BB while reading for an hour or so before making the two of them a late dinner. Tonight, however, he found himself cutting his reading time short, too keyed up. Poe couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt such a draw to someone, such an instant connection. He whistled while he cooked dinner, chatting away happily with BB.“-and then he held my hand! I mean, I held his first, and he was probably just returning the gesture, but still. What do you think, BB, you think he likes me?”The corgi barked in agreement. Well, Poe liked to think it was agreement. She probably just smelled the chicken Poe was making.“Maybe Jess is right. What’s the worst that could happen if I did ask him out?”Poe checked his watch and sighed. 11:00. He was opening tomorrow, and already not looking forward to getting up in the morning. He ate quickly, then climbed into bed, letting BB settle in next to him. He fell briskly into a deep sleep.  ----------------------  
Hands touching him, jostling him, beating him– feet kicking him – water, again and again water – he can’t breathe, he’s going to drown, he’s going to drown – something’s pulling at his nails – pain, pain, pain – someone’s screaming, some one nearby – Ben, not Ben please no– 
  ----------------------  Poe woke with a strangled shout, drenched in sweat. He took a few minutes to simply breathe and calm his frantic heart, petting a startled BB. He checked the time: 1:24 am.With a sigh, Poe flopped back onto his back, staring at his ceiling. He glanced over at his bedside table, at the framed photo under his lamp.It was an old picture, frayed from the years it had spent in his wallet. It was of Poe’s old team, from his Air Force days: there was Jess, Iolo, Kare, Snap, and, with his arm around Poe, Ben.He thought of Finn, of blinding smiles and bright eyes and a good, pure heart. He allowed himself one brief moment to imagine himself with the man, to imagine what could be. Then, he let that moment go. Bright, young men like Finn don’t deserve to be weighed down by broken ex-pilots with issues a mile long.And that was all right.Because Poe wasn’t lonely.  ----------------------  The next morning, Poe could barely keep his eyes open. He went for some of his simpler recipes, as he was genuinely concerned that he would ruin his bakes if he tried anything too fancy. His nightmares had kept him up, and, having had similar issues the night before, he was exhausted.It was a Saturday, and Saturdays were always busy. Normally he loved the weekends, especially the mornings, because families would come in. School was out for the weekends, so mothers would bring in their children, harried looking babysitters would drag in little toddlers, and - Poe’s favorite - grandparents would have a sit down with their grandchildren, absolutely delighted the whole time. He always made sure BB was down in the shop with him on those days, as she adored the kids.On this morning, however, it took all Poe’s willpower to keep a smile on his face, let alone humor the excited children. It didn’t help that Jess was late. He never cared much when that happened, but on weekends, when they were always busy, he expected to see her on time. And she was, normally. However, as the morning dragged on, he grew more and more concerned. Jess was well over an hour late. Just as he went to grab his phone and give her a call, Jess came bursting in, yelling her apologies as she went to grab an apron. Poe was about to scold her, maybe even yell, when he noticed a hickey on her neck. “Jess, is that –“ “Not a word, Dameron.” Jess cut him off, blushing furiously. Poe grinned, his frustration all but forgotten. “I wouldn’t have thought Rey would be the type to mark her territory,” he teased. That earned him a whack with a dishtowel, but it was worth the grin that spread over Jess’s face as she turned to take the next order. It made sense, he realized, that Jess had made her move now, as Rey was staying in the city after graduation. She wouldn’t have to say goodbye. He was distracted from his thinking when Jess grabbed him by the shoulders suddenly. He looked at her, confused, as she examined his face. Her expression softened. “Two nights in a row?” She whispered, pulling him away from the counter. Poe sighed, resigned. “Some weeks are worse than others. You know how it goes.” Jess smiled sympathetically, before her expression hardened. “That’s it, you go upstairs.” “What? Jess, Saturdays are a nightmare to work alone,” Poe protested. Jess ignored his argumnets, and after much less effort than he should have put in to stay downstairs, he found himself in his bedroom. He was asleep before his head hit the pillow.   ----------------------   He woke to the smell of coffee and bacon wafting through his apartment. He got up, looking for the source, only to find Finn standing in the foyer, looking rather uncomfortable. When he saw Poe, he startled.“I wouldn’t have let myself in, but Jess said she needed to stay downstairs and send me up to get you. I promise, I don’t normally walk into people’s apartments without permission-“Poe waved off his excuses, unperturbed. “Jess lets herself in all the time. What’s one more?”Finn smiled and handed Poe the coffee, along with what looked like a breakfast sandwich. Poe paused. “We don’t sell these.”Finn flushed. “Yeah, well, Jess mentioned that you had a bad night, and that you probably hadn’t eaten, so - I went out and got you something a little more substantial than a muffin.”Poe smiled gratefully, gesturing for Finn to take a seat with him at the table. They chatted amiably for some time before the conversation petered off into comfortable silence.Finn was looking at Poe thoughtfully.“Something wrong, buddy?”Finn jumped, embarrassed at having been caught staring. “Nothing, I was just – nothing.”Poe smiled. “It’s okay. What is it?”Finn frowned, before looking down. “Do bad nights happen a lot?” Poe looked at Finn carefully, weighing his options. He seemed to be asking out of concern rather than curiosity; not trying to pry, but rather, offer support. But he barely knew Finn, and he wasn’t about to unload his baggage on the man all at once. “Not as much anymore,” Poe settled on. Finn nodded, accepting the answer. He reached over the table and clasped Poe’s hand.“Jess really loves you, you know. She just wants to help you. It’s not any of my business, really – hell, I don’t even know you – but I think you can rely on her to take care of you. If you let her.” At that, he got up, smiling. “I’ll see you downstairs?”Poe nodded absently, thunderstruck. Finn left Poe to his thoughts, closing the door behind him. How had this man, who he’d known for less than a week, seen through him so easily? He was right, of course. Poe knew that he didn’t have to suffer through his issues alone, that Jess would always be there for him, but he never wanted to be a burden.He was pulled out of his reverie by the sound of joyful barking from downstairs, followed by peals of laughter. He smiled, heading down to the shop. When he walked in, he was greeted with the sight of three small children chasing BB around the shop. When the dog saw him, she sprinted over, leaping into his arms when he crouched down. Poe let her lick his face and slobber all over him and made a disgusted face, hoping to get a laugh out of the kids. When he heard their giggles, he grinned. He looked down. The oldest couldn’t have been more than five. He beckoned them over, putting BB down. “You guys wanna know a special secret about BB?” At their eager nods, he continued. “She loves belly rubs. If you rub her belly, she’ll love you forever.” The kids immediately crouched over the dog, petting her and showering her with affection. Poe stood up, satisfied that a. BB was being taken care of, and b. his shop wasn’t going to be destroyed by overexcited children crashing into things.He looked over at the counter to see Finn looking at him, that same soft smile from before on his face.“You’re good with them,” the young man observed.“I don’t know about that.  I think they just realize that I’m actually just a big kid myself.”Finn laughed, then turned back to the textbooks he’d laid out on the counter in front of him. Poe went behind the counter, putting on an apron. He’d come down just in time for the afternoon rush, and Jess looked like she could use a break. He pushed her toward where Rey was sitting with a grin, and went to work taking orders.When there was a lull in the stream of customers, he headed to the back to check up on the bakes Jess had put in. When he came out, a new batch of cupcakes in hand, he saw Finn kneeling on the ground with a little girl, who was crying. The young man gestured for Poe to bring over one of the cupcakes.Poe handed it over and then went back to the counter, not wanting to crowd the girl. He watched from behind the register, until a customer came up and distracted him.When he’d sorted out the order, he looked over to see Finn trying to lick icing off his nose, much to the delight of the little girl. If Poe had thought he was in trouble before, it was nothing compared to now. He was good with kids, too?   ----------------------  The next few months went by quickly. It became a routine: Finn and Rey stopped by in the mornings before class on weekdays; Rey would pick up Jess around 6 pm; and Finn would come in on Friday nights, after his evening lecture. Then on the weekends Finn and Rey would sit at the counter and study while Poe and Jess handled the masses.Poe’s favorite day was Friday. If he’d thought Fridays were fun before, it was nothing compared to those evenings when Finn was around. Watching the dates unfold was so much more enjoyable with Finn’s witty commentary, and his gentle laughter. They’d been keeping score: so far, there’d been 12 disasters, 10 awkward encounters, and 5 adorable couples.And every Friday, without fail, Shara’s Homemade Peach Cobbler made its way onto the menu. At this point, Poe would be kidding himself if he said it wasn’t because he loved the way Finn’s face lit up when he ate it.He was falling fast, and he knew it. Finn was incredible. He was so determined, so earnest, so genuinely good, and it made Poe’s heart ache to know that he would never deserve him. He might end up pining for Finn for the rest of his life, but it was better than forcing the man to put up with his wealth of issues. It was better than having Finn only to lose him when he realized that being with Poe was more effort than he was worth. Besides, Finn hadn’t shown any interest in Poe. Despite Poe’s determination to be a friend and nothing more to Finn, every time a patron flirted with the man at the counter, Poe felt himself grow bitter. It wasn’t Finn’s fault that he was irresistible; that one smile from him could make anyone weak at the knees. Still, he was glad that the younger man had thus far not taken anyone up on their offers. And if sometimes, Poe looked at Finn and imagined himself reaching over and simply holding his hand, then that was between him and his pies. Besides, Poe wasn’t lonely. Not really.  ----------------------  December rolled around, and Poe was not looking forward to it. Running a bakery had its drawbacks, especially around the holidays. He’d already had six orders of his holiday eggnog cake for Christmas Day, and a whopping 15 for his gingersnap cake. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d had so many pie orders, either. The Sunday before Christmas, Poe was so swamped by orders he’d had to close shop and simply spend the day baking. Sundays were Jess’s day off anyway, but this particular weekend she had decided to go away with Rey, to go skiing in Vermont. So, Poe couldn’t even call her to come put in some over time. Poe loved baking, he really did, but he was not about to relish in making dozens of pies and cakes all on his own.He’d just finished mixing the batter for his first batch of cakes when he heard a banging coming from the storefront. He walked out to see Finn waving from outside the door. Poe grinned, always delighted to see the man, before practically running to let him in. “Finn! Buddy! What are you doing here? We’re closed today.” “Jess mentioned that you’d be drowning, baking all by yourself. So, I thought I might offer a hand? I’m no baker, but I’d be happy to mix, measure, maybe stir… something?”“You have no idea what you’re talking about, do you?”“Not a clue.” Poe laughed and gestured for him to come through to the back. Finn paused as he took in the mountains of flour and eggs and tins that were on every surface. “I think I might be in over my head,” he muttered.“Don’t be nervous. It’s pretty straightforward. If I could handle it at six, you can handle it at twenty-five.”Finn stared. “You’ve been baking since you were six? I’ve never even touched a cake mix, and you’re like a baking prodigy.” At this, Poe laughed even harder.“I’m hardly a prodigy,” he chuckled, “I used to bake with my dad. Most of these recipes are ones we came up with together. This place used to be his, you know. I inherited it. I never saw myself as a baker, but I couldn’t bear to part with it...after.” Poe smiled wistfully. Thinking about his dad always made him a little melancholy, especially around the holidays.“I grew up in a foster home,” Finn shared, ignoring Poe’s surprised look. “It wasn’t all bad, really. I don’t remember my parents; I was so young when I was put in the system. I was moved around a lot, and most of the time the foster parents couldn’t really spare the time to pay much attention to every kid. It wasn’t their fault, though. Most of them worked, and had several foster kids as well. I’m sure it was a lot to handle. Besides, some kids had it a lot worse,” Finn cleared his throat, and smiled at Poe. “Anyway, that’s why I haven’t really baked. It never seemed all that important, you know? If we had birthdays or anything, it was easier to just buy cakes or pies.” Poe was silent for a time, letting Finn collect his thoughts.“I’m not trying to make you feel bad for me or anything. What I’m trying to say is, I think it’s wonderful, that you have this precious memory of your dad, and you share it with everyone. It’s like we all get to know him, in a way. I’m sure you miss him, but I think he’d be happy that you’re still baking, for him.”Poe stared at Finn, before wrapping him in a tight hug. “Thank you,” he whispered, his throat tight. If Finn noticed that Poe’s eyes were a little wet when he pulled back, then he didn’t say.Poe cleared his throat. “Alright. Baking time?”  ----------------------  Soon enough they had worked out a system: Finn would measure out ingredients and mix while Poe handled the actual baking and decorating. Poe was still doing the majority of the work, but it was a much, much better time with company. Especially if that company was Finn.Poe had just put in the last tray of the day when Finn started laughing. He turned around to see him hiding a smile behind his hand.“What is it?”Finn, still laughing, reached out and ran his fingers through the Poe's hair. Poe thought he might have stopped breathing. Despite their earlier embrace, he wasn’t used to having Finn so close, close enough to just lean forward and –“Your hair is caked with flour,” Finn laughed, “It looks like you’ve aged twenty years.”Poe smirked, suitably distracted from his dangerous thoughts. “Oh yeah?” Before Finn could react, Poe had thrown a handful of flour at him, coating his hair and face in flour. It quickly deteriorated into a full on war, flour and sugar and even eggs being used as ammunition. It only stopped when they heard the oven go off, signaling that cake was done. Still laughing, they pulled it out, and the two men sat in companionable silence as Poe iced and decorated the cake.Putting the cake in the fridge, Poe said, “Come on, let’s get you cleaned up.”Poe led Finn up to his flat then left him to sit with BB as he took a quick shower. He came out, freshly washed and in his nightclothes, to see Finn asleep with BB on his lap. He bit his lip. This man was too much for his poor heart to handle. Poe shook him awake gently, and sent him off to shower. He took Finn’s dirty clothes and threw them in the wash, then grabbed some sweatpants and a slightly bigger t-shirt for the younger man to wear.Poe only realized he’d made a huge mistake when Finn walked out with just a towel around his waist. Poe felt his brain short, staring dumbly. Finn was just - unfairly attractive. Lean and fit, with strong arms and smooth, dark skin and a little trail of hair leading down to –No. Nope. Poe was not even gonna go there.He cleared his throat, smiling tightly as he passed Finn the clothes. He changed quickly in the bathroom, then came out, and Poe honestly didn’t know which was worse: a shirtless Finn or a Finn wearing his clothes, the spare shirt just a tad too tight. He didn’t even know that was thing for him.Finn went to the window, unaware of Poe’s suffering. He groaned, prompting Poe to walk over with him. It was snowing, quite heavily..“I should head back home, before it gets really bad,” Finn remarked. He sighed. “I wish I’d thought to bring a heavier jacket, but I didn’t bother to check the weather this morning.”Without thinking, Poe grabbed his jacket from where he’d thrown it that morning after his walk with BB. “Take this.”“Oh no, I couldn’t. I’ll be fine, it’s not that long a walk –““Nonsense,” Poe interrupted. “I can’t have my new assistant getting sick, can I?”Finn smiled, accepting the jacket gratefully. Poe was pretty sure he’d do anything to see that gentle, intimate smile. It felt like it was meant just for him, like he was lucky to see it.They said their goodbyes, and as soon as the door was closed, Poe leaned back against the door, sighing. Finn was not making this easy.  ----------------------  
It was so dark, he couldn’t see, couldn’t think – he was drowning, there was so much water, he couldn’t get escape, couldn’t breathe – his knee was broken, he couldn’t walk, god it hurt so much – how long had he been here? Months? Years? – screaming, suddenly screaming – that wasn’t Ben, it was always Ben, who – Finn? - No, no, no, no, not Finn not his Finn not good sweet Finn please don’t hurt him – screaming, screaming- 
  ----------------------  Poe woke with a yell, weeping and shaking. He’d never dreamt of Finn before, not like this. BB curled up next to him, licking away his tears. He sighed, rubbing his hands over his face. He curled up with his dog, falling into a fitful sleep.  ----------------------  Finn came in that morning with Rey, still wearing Poe’s jacket. When Jess saw it, the look she sent Poe was so shocked he almost laughed. “But that’s –““Not a word, Jess.”Finn smiled and handed over the clothes he had borrowed the day before. As Poe went to get Finn’s newly-washed clothes, he heard Jess bombarding the younger man with questions, demanding to know why on earth he had a pair of Poe’s boxers.When Poe came back Finn started to take off his jacket, getting ready to give it back. Poe paused. He thought about that jacket; about running around with it falling to his feet, about the sleeves going well past his little hands, about his mother laughing as she rolled them up for him, so he could pretend to be a pilot just like her. Then he thought about Finn; kind, sweet Finn, who didn’t have any memories of his own mother, who hadn’t played with his parents, who deserved the moon on a string. “Keep it. It suits you.”The smile that spread across Finn’s face was so radiant, so pleased, that Poe knew he’d made the right decision. He had enough memories of his mother. He couldn’t regret parting with that jacket, not when it had made Finn smile like that.He felt a prickle at the back of his neck, and turned to see Jess staring at him like she’d never seen him before. She told Rey to mind the register as she forcibly dragged Poe into the back room, slamming the door behind them“You’re in love with him.” Poe froze. “No, I – I’m not, honestly I was just – ““Poe. That was your mom’s jacket. Your mom’s. Jacket. You wore it every time we went up over your coveralls.”“It’s just a jacket, Jess –“ Jess interrupted, clearly frustrated. “No, it isn’t, you know it isn’t, god, Poe why can’t you just talk about how you’re feeling? Why do you have to push people away? You’re my best friend, and if it wasn’t for that damn jacket, I never would have known how much you cared about Finn…”Poe sat in silence, listening to Jess rant and rave, and he was suddenly reminded of something Finn had said to him all those months ago: 
“Jess loves you. I think you can rely on her to take care of you. If you let her.”

 
Finn had been right then, and he was now. Jess had been the most important person in his life for years now, and if he couldn’t talk to her then who? “- and another thing –“ "I’m scared, Jess.”Jess froze, honestly surprised that Poe had spoken. Now that he had gotten started, it all came out at once. “Jess, I’m terrified. The last time I felt this way, it was with Ben, when I was barely more than a kid, and I just – I can’t –“ He cut himself off. It was still so hard to talk about Ben, especially with people who knew him. “Finn has his whole life ahead of him, Jess. He’s - he’s going to change lives, change the world, he’s gonna do so many amazing things. He’s so good, Jess, he’s so earnest, he’s so full of hope and so caring and I can’t – I can’t let him see how fucked up I am. If he sees Poe, not Poe the baker or Poe the vet but just Poe, he’s going to be disappointed. He’s gonna take one look at me, see what a shitshow I am, and run for the hills. He’s gonna see that I’m not worth the effort it takes to be with me.”Poe hadn’t realized he was crying until Jess had him wrapped in her arms. He clung to her tightly. He didn’t know how long they stood there, just holding each other, but when they finally separated, he was both exhausted and relieved. It felt as if a huge weight had been lifted off his chest.Jess grabbed his face, tears in her eyes. “You listen to me, flyboy. You deserve to be happy. I know you think that you’re this broken, unworthy mess of a man, but you’re not. What happened to Ben wasn’t your fault. There was nothing you could have done, and you know it. He wouldn’t have wanted you to spend the rest of your life feeling guilty, like you’d betray him if you fell in love again. It’s been nearly seven years, Poe. You can let go.”Poe sighed. “What does it matter, Jess? Finn’s graduating in May. He’s leaving. He’s gonna go off and be some big shot in Milan or wherever, and I’ll be here, in my little bakery, with my little dog, living my little life.” Jess didn’t answer. She hated the thought of Finn leaving almost as much as he did. Poe cleared his throat, fixing his apron and rubbing his eyes. “Besides,” he joked, “I think you’re getting enough action for the both of us, at the moment.” Jess smacked his arm, going beet red. “You’re unbearable.” As she walked away, Poe couldn’t help but smile. He might not ever have Finn, but he had Jess. And that was enough.Besides, Poe Dameron wasn’t lonely.  ----------------------  The holidays came and went, with Poe and Jess spending Christmas together while Finn and Rey went back to England to stay with her weird hippie dad, Luke.The sight of the two of them when he and Jess picked them up from the airport made had Poe so happy he honestly could have cried. If he couldn’t handle one week without Finn, how was he going to manage after graduation? Rey, at least, would still be around, but Finn? He shuddered at the thought.The new semester came with a new schedule for the two students. With a new schedule came, apparently, much more time for Finn to spend with Poe.“I’ve already passed the bar,” Finn had explained. “At this point, I’m just taking my final credits so I can graduate with all the requirements met.”Finn was spending nearly every night with Poe, helping him close up the bakery after Jess and Rey had left.They would swap stories, talking well after closing. Finn told Poe about law school, about working at First Order, about anything, really. Poe mostly talked about flying, or his parents.“I swear, there’s nothing like it, Finn. You feel so free, like you could do anything.”Finn would always smile politely, humoring Poe as he waxed lyrical about the feeling of being in the air, about the subtlety of aeronautical engineering. Poe loved Jess, he really did, but she’d heard him talk about planes so much that if he spoke about these things with her she’d probably fall asleep.One day, the two of them were chatting at the counter (Poe in the midst of yet another lecture on flight maneuvers), when Jess came out with two peach cobblers to put in the display case. “You know, Poe, I’ve gotten to the point where I can actually make these on my own, after five years of working here.” Finn turned to her, confused. “What do you mean? Poe said it’s been on the menu for ages.” Arranging the pies, Jess answered absentmindedly. “Yeah, but before you came around, we used to only make them on special occasions, and Poe would bake them himself.”Poe cleared his throat pointedly, and Jess paused in her pie fiddling, looking over and mouthing an apology before disappearing into the back room. He sighed, before looking over at a bewildered Finn.“Before I came along?”Poe shrugged, feeling his ears go pink from embarrassment. “It’s your favorite, isn’t it?” “Well, yeah, but you don’t have to make it all the time just to make me happy.” Finn actually looked flustered, which was a new experience for Poe. “Finn, come on. You hardly ever order anything else. Besides, it’s a popular pie.” Before Poe could think of any more excuses that weren’t ‘I’m in love with you and like it when you smile’, Finn asked a question. “Why was it only for special occasions?”Poe honestly didn’t know how to answer that, but before he could get his wits together, Finn was looking at the menu quizzically. “Poe, who’s Shara?”The baker sighed, looking at his hands. “My mom. Peach cobbler was her favorite, just like you. It’s the only recipe that she made, not my dad or myself. I used to only make it on her birthday, my dad’s birthday, and their anniversary.”Finn simply looked at Poe, an unreadable expression on his face. Something about that look made Poe feel uneasy, like he was under a microscope. “It’s just – it made you so happy when we had the cobbler on the menu, and honestly I think she’d be glad to see someone enjoying her pie as much as she did, and really what's the point in hoarding the recipe anyway – ““Poe,” Finn cut him off with another one of those gentle smiles, the ones he only ever seemed to aim at Poe. “I’m honored that you shared your mother’s pie with me.” Poe blushed, smiling shyly at the younger man. “Wouldn’t want you to go without your favorite pie, buddy.” Finn frowned thoughtfully at that, and when he left later on he wore the same considering expression on his face.  ----------------------  Poe had always hated his birthday. Not because he hated getting older or anything, but he hated being the center of attention (when it wasn't justified, of course). He hadn’t done anything, really, except woken up that morning. He was heading down, preparing for a long day of well-wishers and polite smiles, when he heard laughing from the back room. He walked in and saw Rey and Jess finishing up the morning bakes. “Happy Birthday, Poe!” they chorused, smiling widely. Next thing he knew, he was on the ground, having been essentially tackled by the two women. As they were getting up from their “hug”, Jess started to push him to the shop exit. “We’re taking care of the shop for you today. Finn’s waiting for you outside.” A confused Poe was practically shoved out the door, right into Finn. Strong hands grabbed his waist, steadying him. Poe flushed and stepped away quickly. If Finn noticed how flustered Poe had gotten, he didn’t show it. He grinned excitedly. “Ready for your present, birthday boy? It’s not everyday you turn thirty-two.” Poe smiled. “You really didn’t have to get me anything, bud. It’s just a day, really. An excuse for people to pretend to like me and feel obligated to hug me.” Finn rolled his eyes and pulled him into a taxi. “You’re an idiot,” he said, and left it at that. “JFK airport, please.” He said to the cabbie, much to Poe’s bewilderment. JFK? What on earth were they going to do there? When they arrived, Finn grabbed Poe by the hand and led him to a small hangar. There, in the empty space, was a small plane. “You can rent commercial planes to fly, you know? Jess and Rey chipped in too, it’s from all of us. You can have her for the whole day. You still have your license, right?” at Poe’s numb nod, he went on: “You always seem so sad when you talk about flying, like you miss it. So we thought you might want to go back up there, for a while. Jess says you were the best pilot she’d ever seen, you know. That she’d never seen someone so gifted. Do you like it? I’m sorry if it’s too much, or –“ Finn was cut off by Poe throwing his arms around his friend,  at a loss for words. No one had ever done something like this for Poe. No one had ever taken the time and effort to make Poe this happy. “I don’t know what I did to deserve you,” Poe whispered into Finn’s neck. He felt Finn’s arm tighten around him in response. When Poe finally let go, he couldn’t stop smiling, even through his tears. Once he’d gotten himself together, he moved toward the plane. He paused, however, when Finn didn’t follow him. “Aren’t you coming? Flying’s not as fun without a copilot, you know.”Flying was even better than Poe remembered. He never wanted to land, really. What made it all the better was hearing Finn whoop and cheer behind him every time he did anything even vaguely impressive. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been so perfectly, incandescently happy. When they landed, Finn jumped out, practically vibrating with energy. “You’re incredible!” he shouted, his face flushed with excitement. “I can’t believe it’s been so long since you flew! That was amazing! When you did that barrel roll, it was so awesome - terrifying, but awesome! I can’t believe I’m still alive!” Poe grinned, happy that he’d been able to share this day with Finn. They left the hangar, Finn babbling excitedly all the while. As they got into the cab, Finn surprised Poe by telling the cabbie to go to Central Park, rather than back to the bakery. When they arrived, Finn stopped in a deli to grab some sandwiches, then took Poe to sit under a tree, picnic style. It was mid-April, and finally warm enough to sit outside without freezing their asses off. They sat in silence for a while, when Poe decided to speak. He felt safer with Finn than he had in a long time. He trusted him. “I was a P.O.W.” he said simply. Finn looked at him, shocked. “As in prisoner of war?” At Poe’s nod, he exhaled heavily. “Jesus, Poe.” “We were shot down overseas - Jess wasn’t taken, don’t worry. Of our squad, it was only me and my second, Ben, who were taken. The things they did…” Poe shut his eyes, taking a deep breath. He felt Finn take his hand. “Poe, I don’t want you to feel obligated to share this. I mean, just because I told you all that stuff about being in a foster home – “ Poe held up his other hand. “No. I want to. You’re my friend: you deserve to know the truth.” He took a deep breath, and continued: “I guess I should go back, huh? I met Jess when I was 21, right out of college. I joined the Air Force, because I wanted to follow in my mom’s footsteps. I rose through the ranks pretty quickly, after some quick thinking while we were fighting overseas. I ended up being the Red Squadron Commander, along with Jess and my childhood friend, Ben Solo.” At Finn’s puzzled look, he added, “Yeah, Solo as in Rey’s boss Han. He was his son. Finn, he and I – we were – well – “ “You were together,” Finn finished for him. Poe nodded. “We were good together, he and I. We worked well together on missions, never let our relationship get in the way, professionally. Finn, you have to understand I thought I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. I thought we would retire from the Air Force eventually, move into the city near my dad, have a couple kids, the whole deal. But then we were shot down near Jakku. I don’t wanna get into what they did to me, but I could hear what they were doing to him. Finn, I could hear him suffering, hear him screaming, and I couldn’t do anything about it. I was his commanding officer, his partner, and I couldn’t save him. Eventually, the screaming, the crying, the angry shouts, they stopped. A few days later, a rescue party came and got me out. Ben didn’t make it.” Finn grasped his hand more tightly as Poe felt a few tears slip down his cheeks. He took a long, shuddering breath, and continued. “They said that a new enemy, Kylo Ren, was the one that did it, who killed him. For a long time, all I wanted to do was hunt that bastard down and kill him where he stood. But that wouldn’t have brought Ben back, and I knew it. He’ll get what’s coming to him, I’m sure. Obviously I wasn’t fit for duty after that, so I was discharged. Honorably.” Finn was quiet for a long time after that, letting Poe recover and pull himself together a bit. Then, he asked, “Is that what the ‘bad nights’ are about?” Poe nodded. “That’s what Jess and I call them. She gets them too, but not as bad. They’re just flashbacks, really, or nightmares. I’ve actually been getting better. But sometimes… sometimes it’s not just Ben. Sometimes it’s Jess, or my mom. Or,” Poe paused, hesitant. “-or you.” Finn shifted until he could rest Poe’s head against his shoulder, supporting the other man’s weight. He said nothing, just waiting for Poe to finish what he needed to say. “So… now you know. I’m damaged goods.” Finn said nothing, only held him closer. They stayed there for some time, just watching the sun go down.  ----------------------  After that, Poe had been worried that things between he and Finn would change. His fears were unfounded, however, as Finn treated him just as he always had.Which. Huh.Poe had thought that when Finn found out what he was dealing with, he’d treat him like some fragile thing; a pathetic, pitiful creature. If anything, Finn only seemed to want to get to know him more. Now that Finn knew about the elephant in the room, Poe and Jess were soon swapping war stories, entertaining Finn and Rey with their outlandish adventures - the ones that didn't involve death and misery. It was a nice change, Poe thought, to be able to talk about his Air Force days without feeling his chest get tight. If he started to get uncomfortable, Finn or Jess would hold his hand, and he would manage to get through it. Every time he did so, he could practically feel Jess’s proud smile settle on his shoulders.It was all going smoothly - better than ever, really - when May rolled around. Finn and Rey were graduating in two weeks. Poe had the date marked on the calendar, having been invited to both the law school and the engineering school graduations, which were being held at different times on the same day.Both Rey and Finn were feeling the pressure with finals coming up and the rest of their lives on the other side. It was becoming clear that Han was grooming Rey to take over his repair shop when he retired; something over which she was both terrified and extremely excited. Finn, on the other hand, was completely stuck.“I know exactly what I want to do, guys, really: I want to start my own practice. But I don’t have the money, or the office space, or the clients. How am I going to stay in the city if I don’t have a place to work? I can’t go back to corporate law. I just can’t.”Poe had stopped listening after “stay in the city.”“You want to stay?” He asked urgently.Finn looked at him, bemused. “Well, yeah. Of course. My whole life is here. You guys are here.”Finn wanted to stay.This changed everything, as far as Poe was concerned. Poe had opened himself up to Finn, faced his fears, and the younger man had stayed with him; hadn’t judged him; hadn’t pitied him. And now, Poe wasn’t going to lose him after he graduated. He could tell Finn, if he wanted, how he felt.But did he want to? He hadn’t put himself out there since Ben, and that had been seven years ago. But with Finn, maybe he wanted to try. He didn’t want to spend his life waiting. Because here was the truth: Poe Dameron was lonely. Incredibly so. But he was beginning to think that maybe he wouldn’t always have to be.  -------------------------  Poe knew that he wanted to do something big for Finn, both as a thank you for the plane and as a grand, dramatic declaration of love.Poe was secretly, in his heart of hearts, a hopeless romantic.He was walking BB  and pondering what to do to win Finn's heart when he passed the travel agency six blocks down from the shop. He stopped, staring. It was for sale.It was like a gift from the gods. Poe'd had some money put aside for years (not just savings, but inheritance from his parents). He'd thought to expand the shop someday, or even buy his own light aircraft.He knew, though, that Finn was more important. That Finn would always be more important.He called the realtor, and got to work.  -------------------  The day of graduation came. Poe and Jess sat among all the families, cheering and crying at all the right times, hugging the two graduates tightly when they came over after the ceremony.Poe closed shop that night for a private party, just the four of them.Once they had eaten all the pie and cake they could stomach, and Rey had been given her graduation gifts (a personalized wrench from Poe, and a key to Jess’s apartment from her girlfriend), Poe announced that it was time to go get Finn’s present. Jess and Rey grinned, having helped Poe set up for his surprise.Poe dragged Finn by the hand down the street, barely able to contain his excitement. When the door was unlocked, he motioned for Finn to open it and go in first.There were three rooms: a sitting area with a desk in the corner; a conference room with a wide table and several desk chairs; and a small office in the back, with some house plants and a book shelf lined with law texts. Finn walked around, perplexed, until his eyes fell on a nameplate sitting on the desk in the office. He went into the small room, and Poe followed, closing the door behind them. Finn reached out to pick it up, and Poe saw the young man stiffen as he read the inscribed words:
 
Finn Trooper:  Attorney at Law
 
“Congrats, buddy.” Finn turned around, in complete shock. “Poe, I –“ “Look, I know it’s a lot,” Poe interrupted, his nerves getting the better of him, “But it was for sale and you were so stressed about finding an office, and bam! Here it was, just down the road. We even have clients for you, as well. I happen to know quite a few people who were wrongfully terminated from First Order, who could use a good lawyer with a heart of gold.” Poe smiled hesitantly. “And it’s really close to the bakery, so that’s a plus.” “Poe, did you pay for all this?” “Jess and Rey picked out the furniture, I’m useless with interior design. Rey insisted on having indoor plants, though I’m not sure why. The nameplate was Jess’s idea. She said it was more professional for you to have one. We would have made a sign for the door, but we didn’t know what you wanted to call your practice, so –“ “Poe. Did you buy this place, with your own money, for me?” Finn asked, an unreadable expression on his face. “Yeah. I did. It was worth every cent, to see your face when you read that nameplate.” Poe paused. Now or never. “Finn, listen. There’s something I wanted to – “ “FINN!” Rey ran into the office, leaping into his arms. “Isn’t this great? It was Poe’s idea, all of it. We’ll all be so close together! I can’t believe how well this all worked out.” Finn smiled at Rey, hugging her tightly. “I love it,” he said quietly. He looked up at Poe, eyes shining. “It’s the best present I’ve ever gotten.”Poe gave Finn a gentle smile, and excused himself from the room. He’d missed his chance. He’d hesitated, and he’d blown it. He’d never get another chance quite like that. Still, he couldn’t be too bitter about it, not when Finn was so happy. This wasn’t been about Poe, it was about Finn. Poe would get another chance, he was sure. It just might take some time for him to work up the courage again, that’s all.  -----------------------------------  The next morning, the four of them were all sitting at the counter, waiting for the first customers of the day. Poe had opened late, he and Jess a bit hungover from the festivities the night before. Rey was looking at the chalkboard above the display case, reading the day’s menu, when she paused. “Poe, I’ve been friends with you for nearly four years, and I just realized that I have no idea why your shop is called Bey’s Bakes.” Poe laughed. “It’s for my mother, Shara Bey. So, Bey’s Bakes.” Poe, Rey, and Jess jumped as Finn’s fork clattered loudly onto his plate.“What.”Rey and Jess took one look at the expression on Finn’s face and started to back away slowly. “You two stay here. Poe and I are gonna go talk in the back.” Poe let himself be dragged into the baking room, completely perplexed. Once the door closed behind them, Finn backed Poe into a wall. “This jacket. It says Bey on it.”Poe paled. He’d completely forgotten. “Uh, yeah.”“I’d always just assumed it had something to do with the bakery, but that’s not it, is it? It was your mom’s, wasn’t it?” At Poe’s nod, Finn pulled back, searching his face. Poe felt himself blushing deeply under such intense scrutiny. Finn’s face softened. “You gave me your mom’s jacket?” he whispered.“Yeah, well, you needed it more than I did.” Finn stared at Poe, and unreadable expression on his face. Suddenly, he broke out into a dazzling smile.“Oh my god. Do you love me?”Poe turned beet red and nodded, not trusting himself to speak. “You love me. You love me.” Poe rubbed the back of his neck, flustered. “Look, Finn, I understand if you don’t -“ Poe never got to finish that sentence, interrupted by Finn’s mouth crashing into his own. His eyes widened in disbelief. Finn was kissing him? Finn was kissing him? It was unfathomable. Just as Finn went to pull away, perhaps disheartened by his shocked stillness, Poe leapt into action, grabbing the other man by the waist and adjusting his head to gentle the kiss. His eyes slipped closed, savoring the moment. You only get one first kiss, after all, and Poe was going to make it count. Finn’s arms made their way around Poe’s neck, and the baker found himself pulling him even closer, until they were flush against one another.Eventually they had to come up for air, panting slightly. Poe stared into Finn’s eyes, before leaning their foreheads together. His eyes slipped close as he laughed breathlessly, still clinging to Finn’s waist tightly. “I think I’ve loved you since that first night, if I’m being honest. It scared me.”Finn pulled back, looking at Poe with wet eyes. “God, Poe. I’ve loved you for so long. I can’t even remember what it was like before you were the center of my universe.” Poe laughed joyously, feeling his own eyes prickle. He pulled Finn back in for a sweet, short kiss, before hugging him tightly, burying his face in the crook of his neck. “You saved me, Finn. You took my broken parts and made me whole again.”"I think you did that yourself, buddy." -------------------------------  They walked out some long minutes later, disheveled and covered in flour, to see Jess and Rey waiting, grinning like loons. “Have fun?” Jess giggled. “You were in there for quite awhile.” “We heard some groaning. I hope you didn’t hurt yourself or anything…” Rey winked at Poe, who turned bright red and hid his face in Finn’s shoulder. Finn, surprisingly, just laughed and wrapped his arm around the embarrassed man. “If you’ll excuse us, ladies, I think Poe’s going to be taking the day off. We have a lot of work to do.” He all but dragged Poe upstairs to his flat., both of them practically delirious with joy. The two men did not emerge until the next morning.  ----------------- 
Epilogue – 7 months later
 Poe woke with a cry, sweating and shaking. He’d had yet another nightmare, another flashback.Finn pulled Poe over to him until the older man was cradled in his arms, his head on his chest. Finn inhaled deeply, letting Poe breathe with him as he listened to the younger man’s heartbeat. Finn had been so patient with Poe these past few months, so gentle with him. He never pushed, he never blamed Poe for his nightmares, for his P.T.S.D. Poe thanked his lucky stars every day, so grateful to have Finn in his life, to take care of him. BB crawled over until she was right between the two men’s stomachs, making Poe smile. He pet her gently, and soon he was fast asleep, safe in Finn’s arms. Next morning, Poe woke with a sticky note on his forehead: 
Gone to work: new client. Lunch later?

You did so well last night: I’m proud of you.

Love you – F.
  Poe smiled softly. Finn’s practice had taken off in the past six months, having won no less than 7 suits against First Order for wrongful termination. Finn was so happy that he was helping people, fighting for the little guy. Poe couldn’t be prouder, and bragged about his “genius lawyer boyfriend” to anyone who would listen, much to Finn’s chagrin.Poe put it in the drawer in his bedside table, where he kept all the notes Finn left him. Poe walked into the kitchen to grab some breakfast, BB padding behind him. His grin widened when he saw cooked bacon and eggs on the counter, with another sticky note, this time just a silly cartoon heart. He laughed, delighted. Poe was dating a complete dork.He looked around his apartment, sighing contentedly. It was messier than it had been in years, with clothes strewn about from where he and Finn had thrown them in their haste to get to bed. There were two empty mugs on the counter, left out from the day before, and there was actual food in the fridge (Finn loved it when Poe cooked for him). There were case files and notebooks strewn across his coffee table from when Finn brought his work home with him. Through the open door of the bathroom, he could see two toothbrushes, two razors, and two towels, one for he and Finn each. The apartment might have been messier, but Poe didn’t care. It felt like a home. Photos had slowly started to spread around the apartment, framed pictures of kisses on cheeks, of days at the beach, of late nights at the bakery. He smiled at a picture Finn had hung up of them and Jess and Rey, all standing around the counter in the bakery. It was a candid photo, none of them actually looking at the camera, but rather at each other. Han had taken it one afternoon, when he’d stopped by to see his protégé. Rey and Jess were laughing at something Han had said, while he and Finn were leaned against each other, smiling at the two women. They all looked so carefree in that photo, and each time he looked at it Poe was reminded of how far he’d come, how lucky he was to have the three of them; Of how happy he was now that he had Finn. He walked downstairs to see Jess and Rey laughing with an older woman. He froze, before a huge grin spread across his face. “General!” he yelled, sprinting across the room to embrace her. He hadn’t seen his old commanding officer in years, and even their regular phone calls hadn’t made him miss her any less. She and his mother had served together when they were younger, and Poe had known the older woman since he’d been a child. He’d idolized her growing up, constantly asking his mother to tell him stories about “Miss Leia”. The woman laughed, hugging him tightly. “How many times do I have to tell you? You’re not in the Force anymore, you don’t have to call me General. Leia is fine.” “Of course Gen – Leia. Are you here for the party?” Han was retiring that day, finally ready to pass the Millennium Falcon on to Rey. He and the general had been together for years, though Ben’s death had nearly torn them apart. Poe was glad that they’d made it through those dark years: he’d never met two people who complemented each other so perfectly. Despite all their bickering and teasing, he’d never seen two people more in love, even after all these years. The General had been overseas on a mission for the past year, but it looked like she was here to stay. The afternoon went by quickly, with Jess handling customers while Poe and Leia caught up. The bell about the door rang at 3:00, and Finn came in. When he saw Poe, he lit up. Poe smiled back adoringly, and he heard Jess groan from behind him. He’d been reliably informed that he and Finn were “sickening” and that he needed to “get a grip”, as they’d been together for months now. Finn walked over, giving Poe a quick kiss before turning to Leia. “Let me guess: General Organa?” at Leia’s surprised face, he continued. “You’re exactly how Poe described you. He talks about you all the time, you know. If you’re half as great as he seems to think you are, then it’s truly an honor to meet you.” Leia gave the man a gentle smile, before turning to Poe. “I like him. He’s a keeper.” Poe gave an inward sigh of relief. He knew it was unfounded, but he’d been concerned that Leia might not approve of Finn, being the first person Poe had been with since her late son. He’d been worried for no reason: everyone loved Finn, and he should have known Leia wouldn’t have been immune to his charms. The door opened, and an older man walked in, a large Irish setter at his heels. The man of the honor waved off the excited cheers from the group at the counter, sitting down grumpily next to his wife. Leia leaned over to give him a kiss, ignoring Han’s muttering about not needing a party, about how he didn’t need any special attention. Poe and Jess brought out the cake, and the baker couldn’t help but notice Han fighting a smile; the old softie. He smiled at the sight of BB and Chewbacca, Han’s dog, chasing each other around the bakery. As he looked around at the little family he made, Poe felt his throat get tight with emotion. Finn, noticing his partner’s sudden silence, pulled Poe closer to him. Wrapping an arm around Poe’s waist, Finn whispered, “You okay?” Poe nodded, trying to put how he was feeling into words. Eventually, he smiled. Leaning his head on Finn’s shoulder, clasping the younger man’s hand in his own, he murmured: “It’s nothing, I just realized something.” “And what’s that?”“I’m not lonely. Not any more.” Enjolras needs to get about nine hours of paper-writing done in the next four hours, and his whole apartment building is suffering an extremely ill-timed power outage. He would possibly be less irritated with the situation if the power hadn't cut out in the middle of his shower, leaving him to wash the conditioner out of his hair and grope around for a towel completely blind.He has work to do, and something as petty as a power outage isn't going to stop him. But no power means no wi-fi, no way to charge the battery in his ailing laptop, and perhaps worst of all--no coffee-maker. His best options, as he sees it, are the library or the coffee shop, and the library won't provide him with the caffeine he needs to make it to the afternoon.But the morning's interruptions have thrown him well off his usual schedule, and by the time he gets to the coffee shop, there's a line twenty people deep. He glances at the chalkboard on the counter, wondering if it's someone new, and does a silent double-take.The little chalkboard that's intended to have the barista's name and the daily special written on it has a stick-figure and a message instead.
TODAY YOUR BARISTA IS:1. Hella fucking gay.
2. Desperately single.

 FOR YOUR DRINK TODAY I RECOMMEND:You give me your number.
Enjolras has never once taken the advice of the little chalkboard sign, but that doesn't mean he appreciates someone making a mockery of it. Not that he doesn't support civil disobedience--he certainly does, but there has to be a point to it. This is one step above scribbling for a good time call: on the wall of a bathroom.He looks up towards the counter, past the heads of the twelve customers still in front of him, but all he can make out is an unruly mop of dark curls and a sleeve of bright tattoos as the barista hands a paper cup across the counter. Enjolras sighs and fishes his phone out of his laptop bag, checking the news as he slowly shuffles towards glorious caffeination."What can I get you?"Enjolras looks up into a pair of absolutely shocking blue eyes. The shadows beneath them only make them seem brighter, and the first unwelcome thought that crosses Enjolras' mind is how in the hell is this man actually single? He looks like someone who likes his coffee well-whiskeyed, someone who's more accustomed to the night-shift. Someone who was apparently dragged out of bed this morning long before his accustomed hour, if the stubble lining his jaw is any indication.All right, so he's not exactly hard to look at, but if the sign is anything to go by, his attitude leaves something to be desired. "That's not exactly professional," Enjolras says flatly."Sorry?""The sign.""Oh, yeah." He grins, sharp and bright. "Worth a try, right?""Not really.""Ooh, someone's grumpy this morning. Are you going to order, or just whine about my lack of professionalism?"He is not grumpy, but it's impossible to protest a point like that without proving it in the process. Enjolras settles for rolling his eyes. "Triple-shot latte, please."The barista raises an eyebrow. "Not fucking around today, are we?"And now he's swearing in front of the customers. It's like a customer-service trainwreck. "No, I'm not," Enjolras says."Okay, then. Triple-shot latte coming up."The thing is, Enjolras doesn't care about the barista's name--he's never seen this guy before, and he probably never will again. But the fact that it isn't on the sign annoys him. The barista is measuring out the second shot when Enjolras' curiosity finally gets the better of him."What is your name, anyway?"He glances up, eyes shadowed by impossibly long lashes. "If I tell you, will you promise to scream it for me later?""This is sexual harassment," Enjolras complains mildly."Is it? I thought it was flirting. Damn. I'm really bad at this.""Possibly that's why you're still single."The barista flashes a grin. "Yes, but the day is young! There's still plenty of time for the sign to work its magic.""So it hasn't yet.""The day," he repeats significantly, "is young. Four-fifty, by the way."Enjolras hands over the money, and the barista makes change quickly, turning back to layer milk foam over the latte."Here you go," he says at last. "One heart-stoppingly-caffeinated beverage, just for you. Careful, you're hot.""What?""It's hot. The coffee."Enjolras wraps his hand around the paper cup, but the barista doesn't let go. Enjolras looks up, frowning, and meets a warm, disconcerting smile."My name is Grantaire," the barista says, finally letting his hand slide away from the cup. "Have a good day."Enjolras tucks himself away at a corner table and gets to work. He takes a sip of his latte, accepting that he's going to burn his mouth because he never has the patience to wait for it to cool.But he doesn't. The latte is the perfect temperature, and it's good. Impossibly good. Laced-with-cocaine good.  Jehan would write sonnets to this coffee. Bahorel would put Grantaire in a headlock and demand to know how he made it. Feuilly might actually weep, if he was in the midst of an all-nighter. It's the Platonic ideal of a latte, and Enjolras would be lying if he said that he wasn't impressed.The coffee is gone too soon--it's too good to pace himself. But the caffeine kicks in, and he gets eight pages written in three hours, complete with properly-formatted footnotes and citations. He has a class to attend, but first he thinks he deserves another magnificent latte, after all that work. He shuts down the laptop and slings the bag over his shoulder before approaching the counter again.By now, there's no line at all, and Grantaire is wiping down the counter, nodding his head to the beat of the quiet electronica that's playing on the sound system. Now Enjolras can see that his tattoos are abstract swirls of color, shifting with every flex and twist of his forearms.Enjolras is not staring, he's just waiting for Grantaire to look up and notice him standing at the counter. It's pretty awful, from a customer service standpoint, but Enjolras can't find it in him to mind.Finally Grantaire looks up, dropping the rag with a muttered curse. "Shit, sorry, didn't see you there.""That's all right," Enjolras says magnanimously. "Can I get another, to go?""Another triple-shot?" Grantaire asks, wide-eyed, and Enjolras is almost flattered that he remembered."Please."He shakes his head. "No way. Dude, you'd be twitching all afternoon. I can maybe justify giving you a double, but that's it.""Excuse me? We are not bargaining here.""Bargaining would imply that I could be swayed. My offer is a double-shot--take it or leave it.""But that's not what I ordered." Enjolras has never been thwarted in his pursuit of caffeine, and he's not about to let it happen now."Sorry, I'm making an executive decision to cut you off before you start having palpitations."Enjolras can hear his own teeth grinding. "I asked you for a triple-shot latte.""Double.""Triple.""Give me your number.""Trip--what?"Grantaire shrugs. "That's my trade. Give me your number and I'll give you the triple-shot.""So we've moved from bargaining to extortion.""Yeah. You'd better hurry up and agree, because I don't know where this is going next, but I'm pretty sure it's all downhill from here."This is ridiculous and unprofessional and if it goes on any longer, Enjolras is going to be late for class. He does not have time to be flirting with a ridiculously attractive smartass barista--Jesus Christ. He's flirting with the barista. He closes his eyes and rakes a hand through his hair."So what'll it be?" Grantaire asks. "How desperate are you for that extra shot?"Enjolras levels his best glare at him, to no discernible effect. "All right," he says at last.Grantaire blinks, and his mouth goes round and soft in a way that does not make Enjolras want to lean across the counter and kiss him. It's clear that he didn't expect to win the argument. "I--you--really? Okay, hang on..."He turns around to make the latte, and Enjolras dutifully scribbles his number on a scrap of notebook paper. He slides it across the counter along with his money and waits.Grantaire stares at the piece of paper while he makes change. "So, um, is this real? Because I'm telling you right now, if it turns out to be the number of a pizza joint in Penobscot or something, I'm going to be heartbroken."It's possible that this coffee is even better than the last one. Enjolras sips it rapturously and smiles at Grantaire. "Call it and find out," he says, and he walks out the door.He's just sitting down in the lecture hall when his phone buzzes. Enjolras pulls it out to see a text from an unfamiliar number.Unknown: You never told me your name.Enjolras grins and adds the number to his contacts. If Grantaire thinks he's the only one who can tease, he's going to learn otherwise very quickly.To Grantaire: If I tell you, will you promise to scream it for me later?Being a med student comes with half a dozen different unwritten rules. An example: sleeping in the lab is not technically allowed, but it's fine because everyone does it anyway. Another: eight a.m. classes are the spawn of the Devil, but also annoyingly necessary for the world to continue on, much like many species of wild animals (examples being spiders, and wolves, both of which Patroclus unapologetically hates). The most important rule, however: there must be unlimited access to coffee at all times. If Pat considered himself more of a theoretical scientist, or some kind of a mathematician, which he does not, he would try to construct some kind of equation about it (med students minus coffee equals pain and suffering?) but as it is, that kind of thing makes his head hurt.The important thing: med students love their coffee. Pat is a med student. Therefore, Pat needs good coffee, preferably good espresso, readily available at all times.Which is what led him, in the first place, to the cafe on the corner of the street named Philatos.It’s tiny, with barely enough room inside for a few tables and the counter, and one of the lights flickers and won’t stop, but it has three very important qualities that instantly make it Pat’s go-to coffee place.One: it is literally two buildings away from his apartment, meaning he will no longer have to call Briseis to go on coffee runs for him at three in the morning, and he will thus no longer owe her pancakes at the campus diner every time she does so, which will save him untold amounts of money that he could then use for, well. Whatever. (He doesn’t really buy much, or even pay a lot of rent, but it’s the principle of the thing.)Two: the coffee is orgasmic. And Pat does not usually compare things to orgasms, but. Holy shit. This coffee. This coffee is like having a religious experience. This coffee is sweet, caffeinated heaven. This is coffee for the gods. This is the kind of coffee you write sonnets about.(Point is, it’s damn good coffee. And circling back to the nonexistent, but nonetheless distinctly proven, med student/coffee equation, having damn good coffee five minutes from his apartment is, at the very least, an act of a kind and merciful god.)Three: there is a man who works the espresso machine, and he is basically a model, all blond and freckled and green-eyed and really, really ridiculously gorgeous.Number three is not, as Briseis likes to claim, the most important reason the cafe is in Pat’s top three study haunts nowadays. It’s really not. He comes there for the coffee, and the quiet, and he usually ends up getting a lot of work done. And he will occasionally take a break and watch the model guy hum along to Taylor Swift while he works the espresso machine. But not often. Certainly not enough to make it the sole reason he likes this place so much. It’s just an added bonus, if he had to call it anything.And okay, it’s not that Patroclus somehow hadn’t noticed that his new favorite coffee shop only seemed to hire possible part-time models, but, well. There’s a thin line between noticing and admiring a person’s good looks and being creepy about it.And Pat thinks that most likely, going to a cafe specifically because the man at the counter is incredibly hot and you want to get a chance to see him at least once per day would probably fall directly on the fucking creepy side of the spectrum. So he does not go to the cafe to see the part-time model guy. He goes to study, and for coffee.And if he gets to sneak a few looks at the guy’s ass when he’s mopping or whatever, then that’s fine too. It's always quiet in the cafe; easier to work in than his apartment, which has a dripping faucet that is all kinds of distracting. Pat is fairly sure he's become one of the place's only regulars by the Thursday that he first has a more-than-three-words conversation with Hot (Possibly A Model) Guy. It's raining, cold and a little gloomy, and Pat is trying to work on his thesis.“Hey,” the Hot (Possibly A Model) Guy calls over to him. The shop is empty, and Par’s waiting for his second double-shot latte of the day, and he jumps a little guiltily when the guy yells, like somehow he could see through the back of his computer to discover that he was playing solitaire instead of doing work.“Yeah?” he calls back, without looking up, because it makes him seem like he’s not hanging on the guy’s every word.“I’m trying to get better at making those shapes in the foam,” the H(PAM)G says. Pat, internally, decides that that's a stupid moniker and vows to stop using it. “Mind if I practice a little on yours?”The latte usually comes with a leaf drawn in foam, which always looks nice until Patroclus takes a sip, in which case it crumbles. But he doesn’t think he would mind a change.“Sure,” he says, and goes back to reading a printed-out article, trying to focus on that and only that so his heart won’t pound too loudly.He does end up getting absorbed in his work, making notes in the margins with a green pen, but when he looks up, there’s his latte sitting there, with a shaky skull drawn in the foam. He lets out a surprised laugh.When he looks up at the model guy, he’s walking into the back room for something, but Pat thinks he sees a tiny smile on his face.It’s a nice smile. One night he stumbles in at a little after midnight after his shift shadowing at the hospital, too pumped up with adrenalin from the ambulance coming in to go to sleep, even if he has class at eight and really should get some rest. But coffee is strength, after all, so he walks in, yawning, to find the model guy closing up.“Oh, man,” he says, yawning again, embarrassingly loudly. “I’m sorry. I just wanted a coffee.”“At midnight?” the guy asks, raising an eyebrow. “Dude, maybe hot chocolate or something instead? You look wired.”Pat considers sleep versus working on his thesis a little, but then figures he’ll probably just end up re-watching video game playthroughs or playing the Sims all night instead of actually getting anything done, since the only place where he can be productive lately seems to be this coffee shop.“Okay,” he says finally. “Do you have mint? Like, um, mint flavoring?”The guy scoffs. “Do we have mint, he says.”Pat takes that as a yes, and sits down at a table to watch the guy make his hot chocolate.Somewhere between sitting down and turning to watch, his eyes take a detour and fall closed, but it’s very nice behind them, dark and quiet and --“Dude, oh my god, wake up,” a voice says. It’s a nice voice. Nice to wake up to. Pat does what the voice says.The model guy is smiling crookedly at him, holding a hot chocolate in one hand.“Please go get some sleep,” he says, holding it out. “And not in my cafe.”Pat takes it, suddenly feeling almost too tired to be embarrassed, and fishes around in his pocket for his wallet. “Let me just pay,” he says.The guy chuckles, and waves him off, already turning away. “It’s on the house,” he says, and vanishes into the back. Pat stares after him. “You’re hopeless,” Bris says. Patroclus has, rather unwillingly, brought her for lunch in the cafe, because he hasn’t been grocery shopping in a while and he doesn’t want to feed her ramen noodles. And then she insisted on seeing the cafe where he “spends every waking moment” (which is a complete exaggeration, but whatever).“What?” he asks. She smiles and links her arm through his, like she always does when they walk together.“You,” she repeats, “are hopeless.” She inclines her head subtly towards the possible model at the counter. “You should just talk to him.”Patroclus stops dead in his tracks and turns his head to stare at her until she understands how ridiculous an idea that is. She doesn’t get his drift, and just raises her eyebrows back at him, patiently.“What?” she says. “It’s not like you’re not as pretty as he is.”Patroclus tries not to feel vaguely insulted at the idea that the model guy is just pretty. Anyone can be pretty. This guy is like how the cafe’s coffee tastes, the kind of beauty you write sonnets about. Or the kind you would write sonnets about, if you were good at that sort of thing, which Pat is not.He shrugs, which makes her scowl.“Pat,” she says, but then they arrive at the counter, and he hurries to order before she can start to argue with him about how he should take a risk once in a while and ask the guy out or something else he can’t do because the model guy is out of his league.“Caramel cold brew for her, and--”“Plain latte, double shot,” the guy grins. It’s heart-stoppingly beautiful, and Pat tries to resist gasping at it. “You think I don’t know your order by now? I’m insulted, dude. You’re here all the time.”“Didn’t think I was that memorable,” Patroclus says, trying to smile back, and also trying to keep eye contact, which he’s heard is important. Except it’s sort of like trying to look into the sun, and he finds himself staring at his own feet instead.The guy laughs. “I’ve been calling you Double-Shot in my head,” he says. “Should probably put a name to the face.”“I’m Patroclus,” Patroclus says. “Um. And you?”“Achilles,” the guy says, with another stupidly attractive smile.“Briseis,” Bris pipes in. “Not that anyone was wondering.”“Nice to officially meet you,” Achilles says to Patroclus, and winks at him before turning to Bris. “You too.”Despite the fact that Achilles knows his name now, he calls out “Hey, come and get it, Double-Shot,” when their coffee and lunch is done, and Patroclus smiles really ridiculously into his hands like an eleven-year-old with their first crush when he goes up to get it. He kind of stops bothering to pretend that Achilles isn’t the main reason he likes the cafe so much.The coffee is still incredible, though. He wasn’t lying about that. “What even is all that work you do all the time?” Achilles asks one afternoon, when the sun is shining directly through the window into Pat’s eyes and really starting to get on his nerves, and he latches on to the question because it gives him an excuse to walk up to the counter and get another brownie while he answers.“School stuff,” he says. “I’m in med school right now.”“A doctor?” Achilles says. “Holy shit. So that’s why you drink two double-shot lattes a day.”Patroclus smiles, even though he can feel how tired his face must look while doing it. “The life of a med student is a stressful one,” he says. “Coffee is strength, and sleep is for the weak, and all that shit.”Achilles grins and leans over the counter. “I gotta admit, I was kinda pegging you as something else.” His smile has remained as dazzling as ever, even as Patroclus has gotten to know him better, and it’s kind of unfair, because now Achilles is nice as well as gorgeous. A deadly combination.“Oh yeah?” Pat asks, taking a bite of his brownie. “What?”“I dunno,” Achilles says. “Like, a robot, that needed coffee for fuel. Not so bad, ‘cause it meant you’d be here all the time.”“Yeah, I guess it gets boring,” Pat says. “Being here by yourself all day.”“Not so much now,” Achilles says, and he taps one finger on the plate containing Pat’s brownie. “Eat it quick. It’s way better warm.”“Okay,” Pat says, and escapes back to his seat, unable to stop smiling to himself as he eats the brownie. It’s true. It is better warm. The next day, Achilles sits down next to him and says “Did it hurt, when you fell from heaven?”“Oh my god,” Patroclus says, and breaks into unattractive, snorting laughter. “Achilles, stop making fun of me, I’m working.”Achilles makes a frustrated face, which quickly vanishes when Pat looks at him. “You’re always working.”“I want to graduate,” Patroclus says. “I kind of have to do work, to do that?”“Okay, whatever,” Achilles says. “Not like I’m not super impressed by all that, dude. But it’s my lunch break, so do you wanna hang out for an hour? You’ve been working all morning.”Patroclus considers spending the lunch break back home in his empty apartment, and then considers hanging out with Achilles and probably doing something really stupid.It’s kind of a no brainer.“Sure,” he says, and Achilles’ answering smile is so bright and surprised that Pat has to blink a couple times, like he looked too hard at a lightbulb. “You’re fucking with me,” Patroclus says later, unable to wipe the huge grin off his face.“No, I swear,” Achilles says. “It happened. It was a wild fucking year.”“You did not jump off someone’s roof onto a tree,” Pat says. Things like that don’t happen, except in bad action movies.“I did!” Achilles is laughing now, which makes Pat laugh too. They’re sitting on a bench in the park, talking about college, which slowly progressed into talking about the fraternity he was in and all the crazy stunts he pulled, half of which Pat doesn’t believe.“And you weren’t kicked out of school for all this stupid crap?”“Crazy, right?”“So how’d you end up working at the cafe?” Pat asks. Achilles shrugs, and stretches his legs out in front of him, studying them to avoid looking him in the eye.“I dunno,” he says. “Really. It’s not a cop-out. It just kind of happened.”“Why are you here, then? In the city?” He didn’t go to school here, Pat knows that from all the frat bro stories.“I needed to get away from home,” Achilles says. “My mom, especially. She wasn’t cool with some stuff, stuff about me. So I left.”“Yeah,” Patroclus says, quiet now, staring out at the people passing them as they sit there on their bench. “Yeah, I know how that is.”Achilles huffs a laugh, still staring at his legs. “I figured.”“How?” Pat turns to look at him, and Achilles looks back, his eyes warm and soft and searching.“I dunno,” he says again. “You just --” He waves a hand, aimlessly. “You make sense. It’s like I can read you, I guess. Like I know you or something.”“We just met like a month ago,” Pat says, kind of dubiously.“I know, that’s why it’s weird,” Achilles says. “You know what I mean, though?”Patroclus thinks about it. Thinks about drifting back to the cafe every single day and watching the sun glint off Achilles’ hair. Thinks about being able to talk to him easily, even with his insane crush getting in the way. How everything narrows down to him and his books and Achilles in that cafe, simple and readable.“You know,” he says. “I think I do.”He smiles then, and Achilles smiles back.And they sit on the bench, and it’s warm outside, and Pat closes his eyes and just exists, for a little while, with Achilles. It’s nice.They walk back to the cafe after, not saying anything, but Achilles smiles aimlessly the whole way, and vanishes into the back to work on something or other, and Pat goes back to his books, but it feels peaceful, like something has finally slotted into place. Achilles likes bad action movies and terrible top 40 music and figs, of all things, and has some pictures from his college years where he wore a lot of snapbacks that Pat laughs at for five minutes before he can manage to stop. He likes playing guitar, too, and only fucks around like he’s gonna play Wonderwall for a few seconds before playing an actual song, something quick and light that Pat doesn’t recognize, but likes, nodding along as he works on his thesis. Achilles starts playing his guitar when there are no customers that need to be helped, humming along in concentration, and it’s distracting in a way that makes Pat not mind being distracted. Sometimes he dedicates them to “my favorite med student” and plays a song he knows Pat hates. (Pat always smiles ridiculously while pretending he doesn't like it.)They always take Achilles’ lunch break together, wandering around the city, laughing and talking and sometimes walking in silence, just existing together, experiencing things together.It’s nice. It’s always surprising to Pat somehow, that it’s this nice. “Most beloved,” Achilles says one afternoon, when he’s sitting next to Pat at Pat’s table, plucking aimlessly at his guitar. Pat is thoughtfully eating his third brownie of the day, wondering if maybe chocolate will help his brain as much as caffeine usually does.“What?” Pat asks, in response to Achilles’ seemingly out-of-nowhere statement.“That’s what the name of the shop means,” Achilles clarifies. “Most beloved.”“Huh,” Pat says, and considers it. “Nice.”Achilles keeps plucking at the guitar, and says nothing. This is odd, especially after he’s the one who started the conversation. Pat looks at him.“Are you okay?” he asks, finally, and Achilles sighs and leans his head back until it hits the wall with a soft thud.“My mom says she’s coming to visit,” he says. Pat frowns.He doesn’t know much about Achilles’ mother, only that they don’t really get along. But he always has this clipped, forced sort of nonchalance in this voice whenever he mentions her, and it kind of makes Pat think there’s a lot more emotional damage in the whole situation than Achilles wants to pretend there is.“And that’s -- you’re okay with that?”“It’s not like I could hide where I was,” Achilles says. “My dad helps me pay for the place. Even if they’re not, like, together anymore, she would have found out sooner or later, I guess.”The press of his lips makes it clear he doesn’t really want to talk about it, and Pat’s mind is still kinda stuck on helps me pay for the place, which means he owns the place, and that’s -- that’s actually more of a surprise than his mom coming. “Wait, you own this place? It’s yours?”That gets him a raised eyebrow and a hint of a smile. “Dude, what did you think?”“That you just worked here or something, I dunno.” Looking back, it seems increasingly obvious that Achilles would own Philatos, seeing as he’s the only one who ever works here. “Shit, you should hire help.”“I know,” he says. “I have some sometimes. Guy comes in and bakes at night. He’s a ridiculously good baker, but he’s not so good with people most of the time. I’ve been trying to find someone to work the counter, though.”“Actually,” Pat says thoughtfully, “Bris kinda needs a job.” Bris is working in a Subway right now, which she despises. And she’d like working here where she can keep an eye on him, he thinks.“Your friend, right?” Achilles says, nodding thoughtfully. “Yeah, tell her to give me a call. I’ll put my number in your phone.”They don’t talk about his mom again for a while, but Bris gets the job. The next day, he’s at the cafe at ten in the morning and doesn’t look up until two, and even then it’s only brief because he has a test in three hours, and that gives him one more hour to study for it before he has to get his shit together and walk to class. He blinks hard at the book in front of him, hand scrambling for his lukewarm coffee.“Here,” a voice says, and a plate containing a ham and swiss melt and some chips settles itself on top of Pat’s textbook. And then a hand takes his coffee cup, leaving Pat scrambling out of his seat, reaching for it.“Hey!”“You had two double-shots already, Double-Shot,” Achilles says. “No more until you fucking eat something. House rules.”“Come on,” Pat complains, standing on his tiptoes in an attempt to get his coffee back. Achilles, before he can even blink, scrambles onto a nearby chair to keep it out of his reach, holding it high above his head.“Eat your lunch,” Achilles says. Patroclus scowls.“I hate you,” he says. Achilles merely raises an eyebrow, like he can see right through Pat’s bullshit.“This isn’t funny, Achilles.” Patroclus needs coffee, okay. Rules of being a med student.“No, it’s an intervention,” Achilles says. “Eat, Pat. Now.”Then he hops off the chair and goes into the back room, throwing a taunting grin over his shoulder. Pat glares at the sandwich, and seriously considers refusing to eat it out of spite, but it smells amazing and so he gives in and takes a bite. It’s delicious, which really only serves to make him even more angry.“Oh my god,” Achilles says, from the counter. “Are you pouting?”Pat takes another very angry bite of the sandwich. “No,” he says.“Holy shit,” Achilles laughs. “That’s adorable.”Pat puts his face in his hands. “Stop making fun of me and give me my coffee back, you monster,” he says.“Eat your lunch and maybe you’ll get lucky,” Achilles says in return, grinning at him with an annoying amount of amusement. He really is a monster, Pat thinks, taking another moody bite of his sandwich. A gorgeous, blonde, freckled monster who deprives innocent med students of coffee.He looks up at Achilles again, who is still watching him from the counter, consideringly.“Okay, dude, how about this -- if you eat all your lunch I’ll give you a brownie on the house,” Achilles bargains.Patroclus grins. “Deal.”(Somewhere in the distance, Briseis gags. “I hate this job,” she informs the muffins in the display case, sighing deeply. “They’re gross.”) It’s not until a few weeks later that Pat’s stopped wondering about Achilles’ mom, because what with work and school and coming here to study and hang out with Achilles and Bris, there’s been a lot of other stuff he’d rather think about. Bris is a natural at making the leaves in the foam, something that Achilles complains about -- “It took me months to learn how to do that!” -- and Achilles seems to really like her, especially when she tells embarrassing stories about him as a little kid.Achilles doesn’t start taking more breaks or anything, but Pat moves his table closer to the counter, and talks to Bris as she makes lattes and to Achilles as he frosts cupcakes, and sometimes the shop is still quiet and empty in the afternoons, when the lunch rush is over and the after-class rush hasn’t yet started, and Achilles gets out his guitar again, and plays Pat’s favorites, humming along under his breath, and Pat gets this ridiculous little smile on his face that Bris laughs at later, and it’s good, it’s all good.Of course, that’s when she does come -- one sunny afternoon when Achilles is fucking around humming love songs, and sitting next to Pat on his bench while he’s trying to study, being as annoying as possible.Pat hadn’t thought it was possible for a human being to darken a doorway, but she does. She comes in like a storm, and he feels her eyes on him almost before he sees them, icy cold and disapproving.“I thought this was your lunch break,” she says, and her voice is like steel, no hint of bending.Achilles tenses up at the sound of her voice, putting his guitar down. Her eyes follow it, and then snap back to Achilles himself, who is standing up now, gesturing towards the back.“Yes, it is. Briseis works here, and Patroclus is a friend. They usually eat with me.” He looks at her, with a practiced, detached coldness. Pat knows him well enough to know it’s fake. “I didn’t know you were coming.”She smiles, and it’s sharp. “I wanted to surprise you, sweetheart.”She sweeps ahead of him to the back room, not even turning her head to look at Bris as she goes. Bris’ cheeks turn from light brown to red, either from anger or embarrassment; Pat can’t tell.Achilles stands as if to go, and Pat reaches for his wrist in a sudden impulse, because he’s never seen Achilles so uncomfortable before, and that says a lot. “Hey,” he says, then stops. “It’s, um. It’ll be fine.”Pat’s not the best at comforting people. Something he’s going to have to work on, he thinks. Being a doctor, and all. But Achilles smiles, as if he knows what he means.“Patroclus,” he says, and nothing else. Somehow it still carries more weight, more meaning. How does he do that?Pat squeezes his wrist, once, and then lets go. Achilles smiles, as if Pat’s the one who needs reassurance.Pat feels the eyes of Achilles’ mother on him as Achilles walks towards the back, and unconsciously, he shivers.Bris walks up to take his hands and pull him to his feet, taking his arm, standing next to him in her flower-patterned dress. The only normal thing left, Pat thinks, and laughs to himself for being over-dramatic.“Come on,” she says. “Let’s go.” When they come back later, the shop is closed, and Achilles’ mother’s car is still there, gleaming blue against the red brick of the building.“You wanna go watch medical dramas and complain about how inaccurate they are?” Bris asks lightly, smiling at him, and Pat nods. Her face softens a little.“He’ll be fine,” she says. “He knows how to handle himself, you know.”“I wish I could help,” Pat says. Bris chuckles.“I know,” she says. “But he’s gotta do this himself, I think. Come on,” she adds. “The cafe will still be here tomorrow.” The bell rings the next morning, as he pushes open the door. Achilles is standing with his back to it, messing with some food on a tray, but he turns hurriedly when he hears the noise, pushing his hair back out of his face and letting out a breath.“Hi,” he says.“Hi,” Pat says. He rocks back and forth on the balls of his feet. “Um, is everything --”“Everything’s fine,” Achilles says. “Everything’s good.”“Okay,” Pat says, wondering why he looks so nervous, if this is true.“I just, um.” Achilles pushes a hand through his hair again. “I kind of realized something, I guess?”“You did?”“Yeah, like, she can’t -- she can’t see me here.”Pat raises an eyebrow, to show how much he understands this statement.“Oh, god,” Achilles says, messing with his hair again. “Okay, so, like, I guess I was kind of scared? Because I felt like she still had a hold on me. Like she could see me doing stuff and she didn’t, like, approve or whatever. But when she visited, I just, I kind of realized. She really can’t see me here. She can’t affect me anymore, I guess.”“Okay,” Patroclus says, and puts his bag down on the chair. “That’s good?”Achilles gets this frustrated look on his face. “I’m doing this wrong,” he says, and comes out from behind the counter. “Look, it’s like -- I can do things I want to do now. I don’t have to worry about her liking what I do. So I can just go for it, you know?” His eyes are intense, and Pat nods, nearly hypnotised.“You can go for it,” he echoes.“Yeah,” Achilles says. “Yeah, and -- and I wanted to ask you something.”“Anything,” Pat says, and means it. His hands are shaking a little, and he doesn’t know why.Achilles licks his lips, and Pat traces the movement with his eyes, unable to not, with Achilles standing so close and god, Pat wants to kiss him. He really wants to kiss him.“Look, so, the thing is --” Achilles clears his throat. “Do you wanna go out sometime, or something?”Pat freezes, and falls backwards into his chair, blinking.“Oh shit,” Achilles says. “Shit, I’m sorry, did I do this wrong, shit --”And then Achilles is about to turn and go into the back, and Pat can’t let that happen because Achilles just asked him out and suddenly he’s standing and his hand is clutching Achilles’ t-shirt and their lips are pressed together, and Achilles isn’t kissing back, so Pat pulls back, suddenly nervous even though Achilles literally asked him out two seconds ago so he must have been wanting to kiss at some point, right? Right?“Oh shit,” Achilles says, in a softer voice this time. Pat bites his lip nervously.“Sorry, was that okay, I --”“Yes, oh my god, it was so okay,” Achilles says, and reaches out so he’s holding onto Pat’s shirt, too, and then they’re grinning ridiculously at each other, which is great, and then they’re kissing again, which is better. And Achilles is kissing back now, his hand at the back of Pat’s neck, holding him close, holding him steady, and this is the best thing that has ever happened, and he’s just shifting closer to wrap his arms around Achilles’ waist when --“Hey, Achilles, I know your mom must have bummed you out so if you wanna close today, that’s --”Bris stops mid-sentence and blinks at them, and then slowly raises one eyebrow, crossing her arms. “Hm,” she says.Pat’s cheeks are super red, he can feel it. “Hi?”“No, I was wrong,” she says, trying to act sarcastic, but she’s smiling too hard for it to really work. “You seem to be in an excellent mood.”“I am,” Achilles says. “I really am.” His hand find’s Pat’s, and he squeezes it tightly, grinning at him.Pat covers his red face with one hand, and squeezes back with the other, and laughs, and laughs, and laughs. God, he loves them. Later, they're sitting at Pat's table during lunch break, splitting a sandwich, and Pat asks, trying to be casual, "How long?"Achilles looks at him for a second, considering, then chuckles, and shakes his head."Babe," he says, and Pat loves how easily the word falls from his tongue, "the first day you came in here your hair was all fucked up from the wind and your cheeks and your nose were all red. I couldn't even say anything to you, you looked so good."Pat grins, and asks again. "How long?""Within the first five minutes," Achilles says. "Maybe the first two.""Me too," Pat says. "Me too.""We're so adorable, babe," Achilles says happily, kissing his cheek. Bris pretends to vomit, but her happiness for them hasn't yet warn off, so she doesn't really mean it. "Yeah," Pat says. "We totally are." 
end.
It was stupid, to be half in love with a person you’d never even spoken to.Steve watched as the barista named Tony swung the cardboard cup up in the air, bouncing it off his elbow without even looking and landing it on the counter with ease. Long, beautiful fingers flipped the switches on the coffee machine and set it off working, and then he jerked his head, flipping the thick curls out of his face, letting Steve see the tiniest flash of the most stunning blue eyes he’d ever seen. He set his focus on the coffee underneath his hands, his face intense, like all his attention was devoted to the fairly mundane task, and Steve knew he should probably stop watching right about now, because it was getting weird, but he just couldn’t help himself.He’d been coming here every day for weeks, since he and his friends had opened up their comic-book store on the other side of the street to the café, and each and every time Steve had never had the courage to just go up and speak to the damn guy.It might have been easier if the man actually served people, but it always tended to be someone else who took his order, and just Tony who made the drinks and then dipped back into the kitchen before Steve could speak a word. Sometimes though, he got a shy little smile from across the room when Tony was wiping down the tables or clearing up behind the counter and caught Steve watching him. Steve always quickly averted his gaze and tried to hide his blush at being caught out, and sometimes he would even hear the smallest and most lovely chuckles. They made Steve’s entire morning whenever he managed to coax one out of him.They were currently communicating through half-hidden smiles, stolen glances, and occasionally Tony would draw smiley faces or leave little messages on the cup before the server handed it over to Steve from across the counter. Steve retaliated by leaving doodles of Tony at work on scraps of paper, and then dropping them hurriedly on the counter before hurrying away.It was a bit stupid. Steve just needed to grow some courage and actually talk to him. But…God, he was just so pretty. Steve knew that he would fumble it, and then he’d ruin everything and Tony would think he was super weird or something. He was… well, he was working up to it, okay, slowly. Thinking over what he could say. Working on his pickup lines.“This is pretty pathetic, dude,” Bucky told him as he sat across from Steve on the soft couches in the open-plan café. “Does your idea of flirting just involve staring at him like a creep until he calls homeland security or something?”Steve blinked, and pulled his eyes away from Tony’s back as he reached up for some syrup on the top shelf. He then shoved Bucky sulkily. “It’s not pathetic,” he said, pouting a little. “It’s romantic.”That made Bucky chuckle. “Oh, Steve, one day I’ll teach you how to flirt. Until then, though, I’ll just leave you with a simple task: fucking say hi to the guy.”“It’s not that simple, Buck-““Why the hell not?”“Because!” Steve flapped his hands, flustered, and then quickly tamed them into something more normal when Tony caught the action and looked over. Steve just smiled at him, and then felt his heart do a few flips ion his chest when Tony looked down for a second and then smiled back, before slipping into the kitchen again. Steve watched him go, and then whipped his head back to Bucky and pointed over at the space Tony had just occupied. “Have you seen him? He’s… he’s gorgeous! He almost certainly has a girlfriend, because he is hot and cute and straight, undoubtedly-““Oh, right,” Bucky scoffed, “because all these overdrawn staring matches and ridiculous smiles are just casual, definitely.” He leaned forward, grabbing his cup and taking a hearty swig of espresso. “Look, Steve, he’s into you. Even I can see that- although God knows why, after the flirting tactics you’ve been employing. But whatever works for you guys, I guess. Anyway- I’m going to leave you now, and when you get back on shift, I am expecting you to tell me that you at least said hi. At the very least.”“And if I don’t?”“I’m coming in here and telling him myself,” Bucky declared promptly, before standing up. “Good luck, buddy.”Steve’s eyes widened in horror. “No, nuh uh, don’t you dare-““Now or never, Stevie!” Bucky jogged backward and grinned, waving a hand toward the counter where Tony had just reappeared. It was early on a Tuesday morning, so there was no-one else in the café at all aside from Steve, Bucky and Tony. The other ginger woman who usually manned the counter was nowhere to be seen, this time.Steve flipped him the bird, but Bucky just cackled and then let the door shut with a small tinker of the bell. Tony was looking at the place Bucky had just left, blinking a few times in confusion, before he once more turned to Steve and then smiled once again.
Now or never. Now or never. Come on, Steve, just man up and say hi. Hi was easy. It didn’t mean anything. It was just a hi, for God’s sake.
He stood up and rubbed his palms on his jeans, before stumbling forward. Okay, this was going to be fine. He was just saying hello to his ridiculously attractive barista who he’d been staring at for pretty much one month straight.Wandering up to the counter as casually as he could, he pressed his hands into the cool marble and leaned forward, clearing his throat. Tony, who was cleaning the espresso machine, didn’t seem to notice, and Steve resisted the urge to just turn tail and run. He’d got this far. He could do the rest, right?“Hi,” he blurted, before his anxiety could start screaming in his ears. “Hi, I’m… I’m Steve.”Tony didn’t even turn around.Steve stopped, caught like a rabbit in the headlights. Tony hadn’t even acknowledged him at all. Oh, shit, now what was Steve supposed to do? Act like he’d never said anything? Never come to the café again? Apologize? See, this was why he should have just kept his mouth shut, how the hell was anyone supposed to talk to strangers, there should be a fucking rule book for this shit-Tony turned, then, reaching for the cloth, and he saw Steve staring at him like a lost puppy. He stopped in his tracks.“Sorry,” Steve blurted hurriedly, looking down and backing up, “sorry, I don’t… I didn’t… God, this is so weird, did I freak you out? Sorry-“He paused his rambling when Tony gave him a blank look, and then held up his two hands. Steve just kept looking at him, entirely unsure of where to say.But then Tony did a funny gesture with his finger. Moved it from his ear down to his mouth, and then licked his lips nervously. Steve stopped for a second, completely blanking. He had no idea what Tony was doing, and was far too frightened to even ask.Tony did it again, and then shrugged. He looked slightly sad now, and his eyes fell away from Steve’s as he shook his head.It clicked, somewhere in the back of Steve’s currently frozen-in-fear brain.“You’re deaf?” He blurted, before shaking his head. Oh God. Idiot. He was asking a deaf person a verbal question.Tony must have been able to lipread or something though, because he just nodded a little sadly. He shrugged, and then made an aborted movement with his hands like he was going to say something, before he realized that Steve wouldn’t understand it. He shuffled uncomfortably on his heels and looked down.Oh. Tony was embarrassed.Steve felt himself frown, his anxiety suddenly forgotten as he decided on a method to get around this problem. A second later, however, a beautifully lucky realization threw itself into his mind, and he jumped on his feet, making Tony look at him in surprise.Steve grinned, and then held up a hand, beginning to step backward. “Wait here,” he said, hoping Tony could lip read well enough to understand what Steve was saying. To solidify the request, he pointed to Tony, and then to the ground, before suddenly turning on his heel and sprinting out of the door without another word, heading in the direction his little comic-book store where the rest of his friends were working.He had a plan.          Tony watched as Steve turned and hightailed it out of the café, and all he could do was sigh.He hadn’t expected anything less. It’s what everyone did, when they realized that he was, y’know, deaf as fuck. Tony couldn’t even blame them. How was 90% of the world supposed to have anything to do with him, when he couldn’t even hold a conversation?Steve had been nice, though. And hot. Tony had stupidly found himself wondering, just a little, whether Steve would be able to speak ASL- or just any sign language at all. Tony knew British, Spanish, French and Chinese sign language- any one of them would have been a Godsend, even if Steve had only known the basics.Tony had still been too scared to actually do anything other than smile at him from across the room, though. Because he knew it was stupid to wish for things like this. Normal people didn’t know any sign at all. Normal people just tended to stare at him blankly when he shrugged and told them he was deaf, and then make some hasty excuse to leave so they wouldn’t have to attempt the awkward task of communication.Tony looked down and bit his lip. It was fine. He didn’t have time for more people than Rhodey and Pep, anyway. He was busy inventing and writing up his thesis for MIT. Other important things. More important than friends, for sure.Slapping the cloth a little more violently than usual onto the counter, Tony wiped down the surface and tried not to think about Steve, and how he probably wasn’t actually going to come into the café and smile at him again. Which was fine. Maybe Steve would see him in five years, when Tony was on TV, famous for his designs, and able to hear everything perfectly thanks to the invention he was currently working on.Hah. That’d show him. And Howard, who’d kicked him out four years ago at fifteen after getting too bored of trying to fix Tony and decided him a lost cause. And all the teachers who’d looked down on him and thought he was stupid. And everyone-There was a sudden movement ahead of him, and he looked up curiously.Well. Okay. He really… hadn’t expected to see Steve back so soon. And this time, he was dragging a friend along with him. With ashy, spiky blond hair, he was short and stocky, and looked rather confused to be here. Tony was feeling the same way.Steve looked over to him and smiled brightly, and Tony just blinked. Steve, apparently unperturbed, turned to his friend, and spoke rapidly, too fast for Tony to be able to catch and lipread. He stood there rather awkwardly, until the blonde man turned to Tony in surprise, and then grinned.Then he lifted his hands and signed ‘hi, I’m Clint.’Tony took an instinctive step backward in shock. Steve was just smiling happily.It took a moment for him to be able to respond. Too busy staring at Steve incredulously. ‘Hi,’, he signed back, ‘I’m Tony. And I’m… very confused’That made Clint laugh, and he turned to Steve and repeated Tony’s words, keeping his mouth facing Tony as he did it. Tony read easily this time, because Clint’s mouth moved slowly, expertly. Steve nodded, and then smiled brightly at Tony. It was like the sun, Tony thought a little dazedly.Steve said something else to Clint, who nodded with a small roll of his eyes. He turned back to Tony, and then lifted his hands once more. ‘Steve’s asked me to tell you that he thinks you’re really pretty, and he’s been wanting to talk to you for ages, but he never knew how to start it because he’s an awkward bitch.’Tony grinned, and cocked his head. ‘How hard were you paraphrasing there?’ he asked, because he’d been watching Steve’s mouth, and was pretty sure that it hadn’t been saying things like that.Clint shrugged. ‘Oh, none of that actually came out of his mouth. He told me to tell you something about dumb cup flips and the smiley faces you drew which he liked, because he is way too socially awkward to actually let you know about his massive crush. But he is totally smitten. He talks about you all the time at work.’Tony raised his eyebrows, feeling his heart speed up a few notches. He looked to Steve, who was grinning a little bashfully and rocking back and forth on his heels. It was adorable, and it was… it was touching. That Steve had thought to do this for him, to go to that much effort.Most people just gave up.He kept eye contact with Steve as he signed ‘can you tell him that I think he’s cute?’ over at Clint.Clint did, and then Tony watched as Steve blushed firetruck red and then bit his lip as he held his smile down, looking at his shoes. Tony didn’t hear his own laugh, but he felt the vibrations in his throat.Steve paused for a moment, before stepping forward. He didn’t break eye contact with Tony as he snagged a pen from his pocket and then held out his hand. Tony may have been deaf, but he knew a cue when he saw one, and he dutifully held out his own hand in response, aware of how fast his heart was going underneath his skin.Steve really wanted… to keep this up? Even when he knew that Tony was-Steve’s mouth started to move, and Clint translated with the appropriate signals, diverting Tony’s attention. ‘Steve says that you should text him sometime. He would love to get to know you, but he’s going to need a month before taking you out to dinner, if that would be okay?’Tony felt the pen scrape against his wrist, and felt the warmth of Steve’s fingers. He swallowed and then nodded dumbly. ‘Sure’, he responded, which Clint then told Steve, who positively radiated happiness when he looked at Tony again.When he dropped Tony’s hand, he immediately missed the heat. Tony remained rooted to the spot, somewhat unable to process the information his brain was receiving.Steve wanted to go on a date with him. Steve wanted his number so they could text.No one had ever asked him on a date before.He smiled nervously, and then signed ‘I’ll text you tonight then, hot stuff,’ which made Clint grin when he processed it, and Steve blush even redder when it got translated for him. Tony felt himself laugh again, and he stepped back, unable to quite wipe the smile from his face, even as Steve backed off and left the café, waving as he went.As soon as he was gone, Tony pulled out his phone and then typed in the number, the light feeling in his heart making his fingers shake the tiniest amount. He was scared, and he had no idea how to do any of this, and would almost certainly ruin it in less than a week, because that was just the way he worked, but-Well. Steve liked him. That was… more than anything Tony had ever had before. It sent a weird feeling into the pit of his stomach; fear and panic and a weird kind of hysterical happiness, that centred itself right above his heart.Maybe, just maybe, this could work.        Steve swallowed nervously, hands going through his hair for the seventh time that minute as he looked to the entrance of the restaurant and waited for Tony to walk through the doors.Over the past month, they’d pretty much been texting non-stop. Steve found that not only was Tony amazingly attractive, but he was funny too. And kind. And interesting. And smart, god, Tony was pretty much the perfect guy, wrapped up in a beautiful package. It was a wonder that no one had picked him up already.Steve couldn’t exactly say he minded about everyone else’s idiocy, however. It just meant that Tony was there, for him.And, of course, speak of the devil-Steve’s breath caught in his throat as he caught sight of Tony as he slipped through the doors. Dressed in a midnight blue suit, curls styled out of his face, aside from one ringlet which had fallen free and draped itself over one of Tony’s piercing blue eyes. His gaze shifted across the room rapidly, and Steve waved, standing up so suddenly that he almost knocked the bottle of water over in his clumsiness.Tony smiled at him- the same shy little thing that they’d been sharing at the café for nearly two months now- and Steve just melted.He wandered forward, a little nervously. He seemed to be searching for someone else- Clint, no doubt- but when he came up blank, his face twitched into the smallest frown of confusion, and he looked back to Steve.Taking a deep breath, Steve lifted his hands and signed ‘you look beautiful’.For the past month, he’d been taking lessons whenever he could. He had Clint testing him every night, and his quick learning meant that he’d managed to grasp the basics of it all fairly rapidly. He could finger spell with ease, and for the words that he didn’t know or couldn’t understand, he’d brought a pen and paper handy with him too.Tony froze, eyes going wide. Then he laughed. Loud and untamed due to the fact that Tony could not hear himself, Steve thought it was the most wonderful thing in the world. He lifted his own hands and signed slowly, ‘you learned for me?’Steve nodded. ‘I’m still bad. You have to sign slowly. But I have pen and paper in case I don’t…’ he paused, trying to think of the word, before clicking his fingers and finishing with the ASL for ‘follow’.Tony was looking at him with a face so full of softness and… and emotion. He licked his lips and looked away, and when he looked back, Steve noticed that his eyes were a little damp. Immediately, Steve’s face fell, and he rushed forward, going to reach out for Tony’s hands, before pulling back and signing ‘sorry, sorry, I just wanted to make it easy for you’Tony shook his head though, and he smiled, even when the first tear fell from his cheek. He cupped Steve’s cheek with soft and lovely fingers, just for a moment, before pulling away and signing ‘No one has ever gone to that much effort to understand me before.’Steve stopped, and then he clenched his jaw, gathering all of his confidence and then taking Tony’s hands into his own. Pressing the most feather-light kiss to his knuckles, Steve smiled, and then dropped them. ‘Well, no one else knew what they were missing out on.’Tony huffed, and quickly wiped his face, before looking back to Steve. Taking in a small huff of air, he suddenly leaned up onto his tiptoes and then placed his hands lightly to Steve’s chest, kissing him ever so softly on the mouth. It was nervous and quick, and when Tony pulled away he was looking down at his feet, blushing bright red.God, Steve was so lucky.“I have a feeling this is going to go really, really well,” Steve said out loud whilst Tony was still looking down at his shoes, feeling as if the grin on his face was bright enough to light up the entire room. Today is weird.Which says a lot coming from Sanji because his days are, in general, pretty fucking weird—something that is regretfully the typical fanfare he pretty much signed up for when he decided to work at their university’s coffee shop. Frequented by students and teachers of vastly different ages and backgrounds, weird has pretty much become part of his daily routine.Today is… different, though. Weirder is the word he would use if the mere thought of it doesn’t send him to depression from how his life has ended up becoming. He wanted to become a chef, goddamn it, one from a five-star restaurant that he sets up, names, and runs himself. Instead he’s a poor college student barely scrapping by from his part-time job at Grand Line Coffee Shop, serving excellent coffee to dying college students with eye bags from one too many all-nighters and old professors who look like they’d rather get some booze than coffee to quell the headaches caused by their students, neither of which possess the necessary taste buds to appreciate Sanji’s first-rate quality coffee.Anyways. Weird day.First, the girls. They’re fantastic as always, don’t get him wrong. They still look like they were personally delivered to Earth from heaven, with their dazzling smiles and soft-looking hair, but today they’ve been particularly…chatty, for a lack of better words. Sanji always makes a point to strike up a polite conversation with the ladies, most of whom would only reply to him in short, dismissive tone (not that Sanji would ever take offense). Today, though, they’re awfully responsive, talking back to him and even asking him questions. One of them even wished him luck, and when he asked, what for, she only responded with a giggle.And then, there’s the guys. Some of them aren’t acting any different, but there’s a sizable number of them—a grand total of sixteen men to be precise—who honest-to-god, for some fucking reason, flirted with him. Like something out of a cheesy romcom. Sanji is currently in possession of thirteen phone numbers from thirteen different, very much male guys.Thirteen!That’s more than, like, a dozen. That’s a baker’s dozen.And it’s not even eleven a.m. yet.“That’d be 6.20 dollars,” he tells his customer as he sighs inwardly at his current predicament. It’s Gin from Engineering, he recognizes, one of their more frequent customers, and he forces a polite smile he reserves for regulars.When he hands Gin the changes, Gin oh-so-accidentally brushes his hand and gives Sanji a fucking wink.Sanji resists the urge to locate the nearest kitchen knife to stab himself. Or someone. Whoever is responsible for this, whatever this is, because someone has got to be.The thing is. Well. Sanji is—straight, okay. Sanji is probably the Straightest Man on Earth. He appreciates women, and doesn’t shy away from expressing that. He loves everything about them and their feminine features. He flirts with them all the time. Okay, so maybe he does, sometimes, (quite oftentimes) express interest in the other, much more similar sex, too. Whatever. He just happens to be a straight man who’s also capable of appreciating the finer points of life and human species, things like a dude’s well-toned muscles and calloused hands and, on the rare (very rare!) occasion that he takes notice, proportionally-sized dicks.Zoro walks into the shop right at this moment and Sanji is reminded why thinking about proportionally-sized dicks is not a recommended work place activity.Nami and Usopp laughing behind the counter should have clued him in that something was going on.“Uh,” Zoro says as he walks up to Sanji, short and deadpan and would’ve come across as rude to people who doesn’t know him, “coffee.”“No shit, mosshead,” Sanji replies, almost out of habit at this point, and flashes what he knows to be an infuriating smirk. “What kind?”The usual song and dance.Zoro—Roronoa Zoro from History, captain of their college kendo club and the universe's idea to torture Sanji on a daily basis, to be precise—is simultaneously their best and worst coffee shop patron ever since he entered its doors a few months ago. Best in the way that he orders simple black coffee with little to no fuss (unlike the pretentious dipshits who order shit like, ugh, soy gluten-free mocha latte with extra foam or something equally ridiculous), and worst in the way that he manages to find out all the right buttons to annoy Sanji, and proceeds to push all of them at the same time for his own amusement. Despite Zoro’s insults and Sanji’s scathing responses that would send his Etiquette 101 professor into tears, though, Zoro keeps returning to the shop. Every day. Before he knows it, they’re part of each other’s routine, trading insults across the wooden counter like chatty housewives trading gossips, and Sanji slowly learned that they have a lot more in common than he would like to admit.Sanji most definitely does not enjoy their daily verbal sparring.Zoro glares at the jab, which isn’t unusual. “Just,” he shrugs as he shoves his money towards Sanji, “the usual.”He says it with a blush, which is unusual.In fact, there's an embarrassed flush across his cheeks, a stark contrast from the defiant way he tips his chin up, and it is so out of place that Sanji drops the money.“Shit,” he curses as he flails to catch it, and notices the white, most-definitely-not-money paper wedged in between Zoro’s two five-dollar bills falling together with them. He picks it up to see numbers scrawled on it in Zoro’s decidedly ugly handwriting.“What the fuck,” he says as he pretty much sees his life flashes before his eyes.Zoro turns a shade brighter, which is absolutely perplexing and not the slightest bit cute, before saying, “that’s, uh, my number.”Sanji contemplates saying, what the actual fuck, but that would be 1) extremely repetitive and 2) a gross simplification of around a thousand different emotions he’s currently experiencing at this very moment, not a single one of them makes sense.He thinks he’s catching a fever, because there’s no other explanation for the warmth that’s creeping up his face right now.Zoro opens his mouth, mumbles a pathetic, “uh,” and, “the sign,” before clamping it shut in so hard Sanji thinks he can hear a click from his jaws. He looks at Sanji helplessly and simply points at the sign outside the store.Sanji doesn’t remember taking off his apron, motioning to Usopp to man the cashier for a moment, and walking out of the counter towards the now ominous-looking sign. He doesn’t remember any of that, but here he is, staring at the sign, and he finally understands all the weird things that’s been going on today with the same foreboding feeling a detective finally figures out a trail to a very nasty serial killer.The sign, standing unassuming outside the Grand Line Coffee Shop in a handwriting Sanji recognizes as Usopp’s, says:   TODAY YOUR BARISTA IS:FOR YOUR DRINK TODAY I’D RECOMMEND:You give me your number.Usopp is so fucking dead.Sanji storms back into the coffee shop and sees Usopp scrambling away from the cash register machine to hide behind Nami from Sanji’s boiling wrath, but before he can smash Usopp’s skull in, his gaze falls onto Zoro’s still blushing figure and Sanji's breath catches in his throat.Usopp is dead—but only if Sanji doesn’t die beforehand.He thanks the gods that there’s no line behind Zoro as he half-stomps back towards the man. “Sanji—“ Usopp begins his apology.“You’re dead to me,” Sanji immediately cuts in, and Usopp wisely shuts up.The rest of the coffee shop is as busy as always, sounds of people typing and murmured conversations and glasses clanking filling the air, but unbeknownst to these patrons, there’s tense, awkward silence descending between Sanji, Zoro and Usopp. Sanji doesn’t do well with silences.“So, you see,” he breaks the silence and jerks a thumb at a whimpering Usopp, “that was all, uh, a prank.” “I can see that,” Zoro says, and he’s pointedly not looking at Sanji, which is deeply unsettling. Zoro usually looks at him, head on, as if daring Sanji to kick him in the face. This Zoro, hands in his pants’ pockets and eyes avoiding Sanji’s gaze, is—wrong.Usopp’s eyes dart between Sanji and Zoro. “Look, Sanji, I don’t think he means it as a prank,” Usopp starts.“I’m going to mince you into pieces and feed your remains to a stray dog, and I won’t even use my favorite knife,” Sanji says. “I didn’t mean it as a prank,” Zoro says, at the same time.Sanji thinks his entire world starts tilting. “What." “He said that he didn’t—““For fuck’s sake, Usopp, shut the fuck up or the next think you see will be the sole of my shoes—“ “This is a mistake,” Zoro cuts in, his face carefully blank, and Sanji feels like his heart is being submerged into ice water. Zoro turns towards the door and says, “I’m just going to go—“Before he even realizes what he’s doing, Sanji grabs him by the arm.Zoro stops in his track and Sanji inwardly panics.Shit. Sanji is—he's straight, okay. Sanji’s straight, except when he walks past a guy with a great ass and too-small jeans, or when he can’t quite tear his eyes away from the male protagonists from the tv shows he watches because they’re shirtless more often than not. Sanji’s straight, except when there’s a guy a little too handsome, a little too nice, a little too tall, a little too—everything.Sanji’s straight, except when he’s—not.And Zoro isn’t just some guy. Zoro is—great, a great person and a great friend, the only person who can keep up with Sanji’s sarcasm and foul mouth, who can dish out as much as he can take. Their daily arguments are more fun than it has any right to be, and Zoro’s visit is his favorite part of his day, and there’s this way Zoro grins that can make Sanji’s insides feel like they’re doing perpetual somersaults, and—holy shit. Holy shit.He likes Zoro.Zoro is still standing there, arm in Sanji’s grip, which, speaking of, also happens to be packed with toned muscles and practically bursting out of his two-sizes-too-small t-shirt and Sanji’s attracted to this, to Zoro, and the realization blindsides him to the point where he can only mumble, stupidly, “I can’t read your handwriting.” Zoro stares at Sanji’s hand on his arm. “Uh.” “Your handwriting,” Sanji reiterates, aiming for calm when he’s mentally setting everything around him on fire, “it’s so shitty I can’t read it, like, your fucking nines and fours look the same, so,” he takes out a pen from his breast pocket and his hands most certainly don’t shake as he writes down the familiar numbers, “you should take my number instead.” He thinks, if Zoro were anyone else but Zoro, he would’ve dropped his jaw to the floor in shock.Zoro doesn’t do that, because he’s apparently too cool to have his mouth hanging open, but he makes an expression that’s a close approximation to one, eyebrows raised in surprise and eyes locked into the piece of paper with Sanji’s numbers on it. The faint sweep of a blush makes its reappearance on Zoro’s face, and Sanji decides he likes that look on Zoro. He likes that a lot. Not that he’s any better, of course, judging from how warm his face feels, like he’s been standing under the sun during summer for three hours straight, and he unceremoniously shoves the paper to Zoro’s face in an attempt to hide his blush. Zoro, finally, takes the paper. “I’ll, uh,” he says, still dazed. “Call you.”The words—and the implications that entail them—do funny things to Sanji’s chest that spreads to the tips of his fingers. “You better be,” he sputters.They stand like that in silence, not quite looking at each other and yet unwilling to walk away either just yet, and god what’s the protocol on this, should he give Zoro a kiss? A peck? Is that too forward? Should he just wait for Zoro’s call? What if Zoro loses the paper, it’s so small after all, did he even write the right number, did he miss a three, did he accidentally write Zeff’s number instead in panic—“Oh my god, just kiss already,” Sanji can hear Nami says from behind the counter before he feels Zoro’s hands framing his face and pull him into a kiss. Oh, he thinks.He can hear the entire coffee shop cheering because of course they’ve been watching the whole proceeding, Sanji is literally doing all these in the middle of the fucking shop, someone’s going to file a fucking complaint. Zoro’s lips are warm and surprisingly soft against Sanji's, though, and Sanji decides they can file a goddamn lawsuit for indecent exposure for all he cares.“Wow,” he can hear Usopp smugly says behind his back. "You're welcome."He gives Usopp a middle finger without looking back.There are no spaces at the café.Stiles shouldn’t really be surprised—it’s Sunday morning, which means it’s hangover time, which means every student on campus who’s awake is trying to get in, and besides, they have coffee that’s both better and cheaper than Starbucks’s—but somehow he is. Because he planned to just come in on a leisurely Sunday norning (it’s like brunch, but for times) and go over papers, and that dream looks like it is swiftly going—Free half of a table. Manned by a hot guy. Who (probably) isn’t a student. His dreams have a chance.Stiles approaches quickly, because there’s no way someone else isn’t going to try to snatch that up the first chance they get (and it’s kind of amazing they haven’t already), stopping behind the free chair and opening his mouth (which is kind of always a mistake). “Hi. Can I sit? I mean, normally I wouldn’t encroach because, I know, someone’s workspace is practically sacred, but I have work to do and this is basically the only space free and—” And this guy is looking up, and he’s a werewolf, and that’s why this space is empty. “Never mind. I’m going to leave you to your territory. Sorry.”The werewolf stares at him for a second, then jerks his chin towards the seat. “Sit.”Stiles was all ready to go, so it takes him a second, and then he slides into the chair because there’s no way he’s letting this opportunity slip by. “Thanks. I’m—”“Shut up.”“—shutting up. I’m shutting up. Okay. Nice talk.” And then the werewolf goes back to his computer and Stiles pulls out his papers and they get to work.Half an hour later (okay, thirty-three minutes, but it’s not like Stiles is counting or anything), the werewolf looks up from his computer. “How did you know?”“That you’re a werewolf?” A nod. “Your eyes, mostly. They’re reflecting the florescent light abnormally.” Stiles grins. “And I have a bit of an advantage. I’m a professor of Human-Werewolf Relations at NCU, so being able to figure that out is kind of my job. I have a colleague who probably could have gotten it faster, but I’m convinced she’s not quite human herself, so that doesn’t really count.”The werewolf nods in his general direction, then goes back to his work. A brilliant conversationalist, that werewolf.“I’m Stiles, by the way. Stiles Stilinski.”And…nothing. So, back to grading his papers it is. Which is something he really does need to get done, because he’s supposed to give them back to his students on Monday and he still has…fourteen amazingly idiotic papers to go through before he’s done.Though, actually wow, maybe he can just fail this guy by default. “My student thinks that all werewolves have to turn on the full moon. That we debunked seventy-five years ago. What the hell is he doing, living with his head in a bucket of bees?”It looks like werewolf-dude’s mouth twitches. “It’s probably difficult to write an essay with your head in a bucket of bees.”He speaks. It’s a miracle. “You’d think that, but somehow he seems to have managed it anyway. Do you have a name?”“Yes.”Stiles waits a minute, but the guy is still just tapping away on his computer. “Do you care to share it?”“No.”Okay, then. Time for him to go back to grading. Also, coffee. He needs coffee. Really needs coffee. “I’m going to go get coffee. Do you want me to grab you some? They have really good coffee here. Like, the best coffee in the area. Also I’ve only slept four ours in the past, like, thirty-six, so—”“I will literally pay you to stop talking.”Stiles has actually gotten that offer before, though never in a voice so growly. Or sexy. Because growly, unsocial werewolf-dude is super sexy. “I guess that’s a no to the coffee. Um. Don’t sell off my stuff in the next few minutes, please. Or if you do, give me a cut of the money. Because professors aren’t actually paid enough.” And now he’s getting a growly face (that’s totally a thing, he swears), so he should actually stop talking before the werewolf decides to rip his throat out.He puts a folder over the papers (because there are probably at least a couple of his students in the coffee-shop at the moment, and he’s not really supposed to show them other people’s grades) and stands, heading over to the counter. There are a couple of people in line, so he fucks around on his phone while he’s waiting, looking at Instagram pictures from Isaac, whose scarves have apparently won some award (because apparently there are awards you can get for scarves, what the fuck). Though it probably doesn’t hurt that he’s a werewolf, because for whatever reason people love the idea of werewolf celebrities. Even though him being a werewolf does literally nothing for his fashion-designing abilities. As evidenced by the fact that he makes fucking scarves.“You want anything?”And it’s his turn to order. Which is why he shouldn’t let himself get distracted by his phone. “I’ll have a caramel caffè macchiato. With extra caramel.”The barista (oh, hey, that’s Erica, who practically gave him a coffee IV during last post-finals season) grins at him. “Got sick of your mocha caffè macchiato with extra chocolate?”Stiles shrugs. “I’m switching it up, taking a break.”“Right. That’ll be three dollars.”Stiles forks over the three dollars, then sticks one in the tip jar because he likes Erica (sometimes) and moves over to the side to wait with all the other poor schmucks who need their caffeine fix. It takes a while for him to get his drink, but that’s okay, because he really needs a break from reading the idiocy that is (are? What is grammar) students’ essays on human entrance to all-were packs. Fucking a werewolf to get in? Really? Was that the best they could come up with?By the time he gets back to the table, the werewolf is gone, and he’s not really sure how to feel about it.--The werewolf is back.Stiles has tests to grade, which means that he’s alternating between texting Scott (who’s in-fucking-love with Kira and freaking out about it because every once in a while he’s not totally over Allison) and surfing the web for weird werewolf incidents because it’s more interesting than reading about how people think werewolves are hot (which is legitimately what at least two of the essay answers are about).And the werewolf is just…standing there, in the middle of the room, looking around for a table. Which is weird because there are actually empty tables for once. But the werewolf doesn’t sit—until he spots Stiles, and then he strides over and puts his stuff down in the empty spot like it’s no big deal.“Hi?”“I’m sitting here.” And then he does, pulling out a laptop and turning it on.Stiles gathers his stuff up so it’s less everywhere. “I can see that. Any particular reason you picked this table?”“It’s mine.”Oh. This is the same table as the last time werewolf-dude was here. Go figure. “I can leave, if you want. Grab another table.” Not piss off the territorial werewolf.“No.”Never mind, then. “Okay. Cool. Because I didn’t really want to leave, anyway. It’s a good seat. Good view of the café. I can see everything.”“Do you have any sort of filter between your brain and your mouth, or is it just one uninterrupted pathway?”Stiles shrugs. “Usually it’s more the uninterrupted pathway thing. I’m not so good with impulse control.”“Somehow I’m not surprised.” And then werewolf-dude starts on his…whatever he’s doing on his computer.But Stiles isn’t done with the conversation (and he really doesn’t want to grade tests). “What about you? Is there just…too much of a filter? Something block words from coming out of your mouth?”“No.”“So you just have nothing to say? You just don’t like talking to people?”“No.”“Do you want me to shut up, then? I can shut up. If you want.”The man rolls his eyes up to look at Stiles, and it’s a surprisingly hot look. “How do you manage to teach a class if you have this little impulse control?”“The trick is that I like what I’m teaching about, so I can stay on topic. The classes are mostly discussion-based, too, so I just remember that it’s their time, and that’s how I keep myself quiet.”He actually pauses his typing (which seems like a goddamn miracle) to ask, “What do you teach?”“I’m one of the professors for Werewolves 101, which is technically called ‘Introduction to Lycanthropes and Lycanthropic Culture’ but nobody actually calls it that, and then I teach ‘Humans and Werewolves’, which is about the integration of humans into werewolf packs and about the politics of interpersonal human-werewolf interactions, and my fun class is ‘The Popularization of Werewolves’ which is where we talk about werewolves in pop culture.”“That’s a lot of classes.”“Yeah, well, I like being busy, and my pop culture class is only once a week.”“How are you qualified to teach about humans in werewolf packs?”“First, it’s what my PhD is on, so I had a whole panel of highly-educated people agree that I’m qualified to talk about it—and teach about it. Second, I am a human in a werewolf pack, so—where are you going?” The werewolf is standing, gathering his stuff up, and that’s not cool, because Stile was finally having a conversation with him.He pauses just long enough to say, “I have no interest in getting involved in another pack’s matters.”Seriously. “Whoa, wait, hold on. I’m part of another pack, but I don’t live with them, and they don’t really care who I talk to. Sort of. I mean, if you were a psychopath, they would care, but you’re not—I’m assuming you’re not—so it doesn’t matter. They’re all kind of low-key because they were all bitten so none of them know how the hell to be a werewolf, and anyway, my point is that you don’t have to leave your table because I’m with another pack.”The werewolf stares at him for another fifteen seconds (like actually fifteen, which is a surprisingly long time to stare at someone without saying anything) and then he sits back down, opening up his laptop again. And then he continues to not say anything.“Okay. Cool. Great. Are you ever going to tell me your name?”“No.”And apparently that’s that.--Stiles starts looking for hot werewolf guy (and starts sitting at hot werewolf guy’s table when it’s free), but apparently hot werewolf guy has no more need for coffee, because almost a month goes by with nothing. No sightings, no grumpy computer growling, no…anything. Because that’s just Stiles’s luck. He meets a hot guy and then has that guy disappear on him without ever learning his name or anything else about him.And it’s not like Stiles is going to put his life on hold for the random hot werewolf he ran into twice in a coffee shop. So he goes on a date. Or…kind of a date. More like a we-are-two-single-guys-who-want-to-get-laid-but-meeting-in-a-bar-is-tacky date, where basically the point is to figure out if they can maintain at least the minimum amount of amicability necessary to trust each other with their dicks.It’s so far, so good, which is basically that he’s decided the guy isn’t a total psychopath and probably won’t try to pull his dick off in some flight of rage halfway through mutual handjobs (Stiles has an active imagination, okay). It would just be nice if the guy would stop talking for ten seconds (and wow, maybe this is what it feels like to hold conversations with Stiles. He feels sorry for everyone he’s ever babbled at. Sort of. Not really).“—so I told him, I said, I’ve never actually seen ratings this high, which of course isn’t true, but that’s the kind of thing you say to someone like him, because it makes it sound, you know, like you like the show, which of course I don’t, because it takes inane to the next—”And holy fuck, there’s hot werewolf dude walking by the nighttime-coffee-shop-restaurant-whatever-the-hell-this-place-is, and he’s looking at Stiles, and he looks growly, but Stiles will take growly over Mr. Inane-Television-Shows over here, so he grins and waves. And Mr. Growly-Werewolf actually stops and stares at him for a second, like he hadn’t expected Stiles to recognize him, or to acknowledge him, or something, and then he sort of nods in Stiles’s direction and keeps going.There is no mutual handjob that night, though there is some very nice jerking off to the thought of Mr. Growly-Werewolf’s face, and it’s okay, because—Because it is.--Mr. Growly-Werewolf is back the next time Stiles is in the coffee shop, typing away at his computer like the world is going to end if he doesn’t finish whatever sentence he’s writing. He looks up when Stiles walks away from the counter with his extra-caramel caffè macchiato (courtesy of Boyd, who might be the only person less prone to talking than Mr. Growly-Werewolf), then looks at the empty seat across from him, then goes back to his typing, and Stiles grins and walks over because, from that guy, that’s a hell of an invitation.For once, Stiles has nothing to grade (he’s all caught up, so there Scott who told him he shouldn’t be grading at three in the morning because it would be ‘incomprehensible’. Pshaw. Whatever. It’s not like they read his comments, anyway), so he pulls out a book and starts reading, because he hasn’t gotten to do fun-reading in like a month, and he misses it. It’s all research-research-research (though technically this could kind of count as research).Twenty minutes in, he sees Mr. Growly-Werewolf look up at the book for the first time. The second time is two minutes after that. And then in one. And then Mr. Growly-Werewolf is staring at it, and Stiles hides a grin behind the book because having werewolves think you’re laughing at them is not the greatest idea.Instead, he just gestures towards Mr. Growly-Werewolf with the book. “Have you ever read it?”A blink.“Okay. I’ll take that as a no, I guess. Unless you’re doing, like, one blink for yes, two blinks for no, which I’m assuming you’re not, so…yeah. It’s called Still Night, and it’s this supernatural thriller by the author D. Hale—have you heard of him?” Nothing. “Okay, well he’s, uh, he’s—I’m assuming it’s a he, but that’s kind of a sexist, I guess, considering I know nothing about them, so…they—they write these supernatural thrillers, and they’re really fantastic and realistic, and probably at least part of that’s because they’re a werewolf, or at least that’s what I’m guessing from the fact that the only author information is a drawing of a wolf. And I don’t even know if they’re one of, you know, the Hales, because it would be pretty ballsy to claim to be if you’re not, considering that they’re basically werewolf royalty, but you could also get away with it because nobody knows what any of them other than Laura Hale look like, and it’s not like we’re seeing this person’s picture, anyway. And this book—do you care about spoilers?”Still nothing.“I’ll take that as a no, too. So this one, there’s a kanima, and I didn’t even know that that was a thing that could exist, and it’s practically my job to know, but apparently that’s a real thing, so he’s really done his research, and it’s great to read because not only is he a great writer, but he also really gets it, you know. He gets how werewolves work and how packs work and how all the politics works.”It looks like Mr. Growly-Werewolf has turned a dull red, which is probably from either irritation at how much Stiles is rambling about an author Mr. Growly-Werewolf doesn’t give a shit about (whoops) or second-hand embarrassment about how Stiles is fanboying over an author in public (whoops). Or maybe he’s just overheated. It is pretty warm in the café.“Anyway, I’ll let you get back to your…computer. Whatever you’re doing. I’m going to go back to reading this, even though I’m trying to savor it because there’s still months left before the next book is going to be released, and I don’t know how I’m going to wait that long.”And now he’s going to shut up, because Mr. Growly-Werewolf really doesn’t give a shit about him or this reader-crush on D. Hale.But still, a few times, he sees Mr. Growly-Werewolf looking up at him, something almost like a smile on his stubbly face.--Mr. Growly-Werewolf isn’t there the next time Stiles shows up, which is probably a good thing because he has pack-structure-analysis project grades to give back for Werewolves 101, and he has to actually make the final for Humans and Werewolves, and so being distracted by his stupidly hot stubbly face would not help him do what he has to do.“Wait, wait.” Erica holds up a hand when Stiles grabs his mocha macchiato (he’s back to that, so sue him). “I have a thing to give you.”“Is it food?” Stiles will always take free food. Professors don’t get paid that much, and besides. Food.She rolls her eyes at him, and he would be offended because she’s a student and he should get some respect and…there’s probably more to that argument, but he’s only a few years older than her, and he was actually a TA in one of her classes, so whatever. “Just stand there for a minute, and don’t drive away the rest of my customers with your babbling.”Well, okay then. At least he has his phone, and…Scott freaking out. About the fact that he dreamed about Allison. Oh boy, that is not going to be a fun conversation once Stiles actually bites the bullet and goes on Skype to talk to him.“Here.” Something stabby and angular impales him in the side, and he jerks his head up (because ow) to see Erica poking him with a book. Or a kind of book. A book without a cover, or with just a white cover with regular font on it, and he takes it from her so he can read the cover.“Alpha Pack Arc?” That makes no sense. Except, wait, holy shit. “Wait is this the—is this the Alpha Pack ARC? Like the Advance Reader Copy? From D. Hale? Where the hell did you get this from?”Erica glances past him towards his usual table, which is empty. “He left it for you?”What? “He who?”She rolls her eyes at him. “The guy you’re always sitting with? Snarly McAbs-a-lot? Do you pay attention at all?”“I pay attention.” Though apparently not well enough, because he definitely missed something. “Why did Mr. Grumpy-Werewolf get an Advance Reader Copy of Alpha Pack? How did Mr. Grumpy-Werewolf get an Advance Reader Copy of Alpha Pack?” He opens to the first page, and holy shit, it’s signed by D. Hale. “A signed copy?”She gives him the look that says she thinks he’s a moron (which might be a little bit warranted, because he really missed something major), then says, “Figure it out. You’re taking up space. Now move.”“Is that any way to talk to a paying customer?”She snorts at him (which, hello, rude), then pushes the book towards him, points towards the table, and walks away. Like that’s a useful response. But it’s not like he’s going to keep standing there, so he heads over to the table and drops all of his stuff down.But now he has a dilemma. A conundrum. Because he really wants to start reading Alpha Pack (because holy shit Alpha Pack), but he has a ton of work to do. Work that needs to get done in a time-sensitive manner.Work that his students may gut him for not doing.Work for school it is (and hadn’t he planned to be done with stuff for school when he graduated?).So, with great sadness, he sets Alpha Pack aside (in his bag, where he can’t see it, because otherwise it’ll taunt him and then he’ll start reading it and then he won’t get work done and then his students with gut him) and starts writing up a final.--Mystery Magic ARC Werewolf is there the next time Stiles shows up, at their table, and Stiles plops down across from him, pulling the book out to sort of wave it in his vicinity. “I don’t know how you did it, but thank you. So much. Really. I mean it. I haven’t started yet, because I’d rather not be shish kabobbed by my students, but I know it’s going to be awesome, and they signed it, so thank you.”MMARCW nods in his general direction, and Stiles grins at him, because hey, that’s almost a response.“You should totally read this series, dude, so then we can talk about it. Or at least I can talk about it and not be worried about spoiling stuff that hasn’t even been released yet. Because you’re totally welcome to read this ARC after I’m done with it. If you want. And if you haven’t already.”This gets him a confused look, but it’s not a no, so hooray for that.Stiles is still smiling when he opens to page one (past the signed page, holy shit, that’s still amazing, and yes, maybe he touches it reverently at night before he goes to sleep, but nobody needs to know that, least of all MMARCW (or should he add the hot in and turn it into HMMARCW?).--Stiles and HMMARCW get to the coffee shop at almost the same time, which distracts Stiles so much (HMMARCW is only five people behind him in line) that it isn’t until he has his coffee cup in hand that he turns and “Oh,” their table has someone sitting at it. And it’s not like there aren’t other tables empty, but it’s their table, and if he sits somewhere else, HMMARCW isn’t going to sit with him, and that’s become like 50% of the reason to do his work at the coffee shop instead of at his apartment (okay, maybe like 80%, but that is yet another thing the world doesn’t need to know).And so he just kind of stands there like a moron (because Boyd is at the counter, and so Erica isn’t there to stab him with something to get him moving) because a student (shit, is that one of his students, never mind, nope, it’s not, it’s a douchy-looking guy from…something something Delta, and his Greek is bad, so sue him, he never needs to use it anyway). And then HMMARCW peels off from the line, stalks over to SSD guy (and fuck, this could go badly) and snarls, and SSD guy looks up and is either a total fucking moron or doesn’t realize HMMARCW is a werewolf (or maybe both) because he rolls his eyes.“Please, you don’t scare me. Get your own table.”HMMARCW stares at him for a second, then gets really close, and Stiles would almost want to be that close to HMMARCW, except not when he has that look on his face, and then he says something really quietly and SSD guy goes super pale and then gathers his stuff up (sans coffee cup) and bolts to the door, computer charger banging the back of his leg as he goes.The coffee shop is dead silent at this point, and HMMARCW just picks up SSD’s abandoned coffee cup, drops it neatly in the trash, and looks at Stiles. Who grins at him and walks over, taking his seat at their table. Because maybe he’s an asshole and doesn’t have enough regard for students (though SSD guy was a serious idiot for challenging a werewolf to his territory) but that was awesome.HMMARCW joins him a few minutes later, coffee in hand, and sits in his seat, pulling out his laptop and basically ignoring Stiles, who’s beaming at him. “That was fantastic. You know that, right? I mean, I get why you did it, and I’m really glad you didn’t dismember him or something, but that was really entertaining.”“Glad you were amused,” and holy shit, HMMARCW just talked to him for the first time since their Stiles-loves-D. Hale conversation (except, wait, HMMARCW hadn’t actually talked in that conversation, so the last time they held an actual conversation was when HMMARCW almost walked out because he thought Stiles was pack-taken or something).“Yeah, man, that was great. And now that’s you’re holding a conversation with me, I just wanted to thank you again for the book. It’s really great, and I don’t know how you got ahold of it, because, well, it’s like the most looked-forward-to-ed book of the year, but thanks. Yeah.” This gets him another confused look, which is a little unnerving, because Erica did say that the book came from him. “You did give me the book, right? The AR—uh, the Advance Reader Copy of Alpha Pack? I mean, Erica, the barista—baristess?—said you did.”“Yeah.”Awesome. That was really cool. Except it didn’t explain the confusion. But whatever. “So…what kind of books do you like? Like is this your type of book, or do you read historical, or classics, or bodice-rippers, or—”“Fantasy.”“So like this?” And they’re actually holding a conversation, but Stiles isn’t going to point that out again, because he might stop, and that would suck. “Do you read mostly urban stuff, or do you do like epic fantasy and other stuff set not on earth too, because there’s this great series set in pseudo-Rome with magic like from Avatar the TV show—not the movie, or I guess really either of the movies—by Jim Butcher, and—”“Codex Alera.”“Yeah.” Except apparently that’s all HMMARCW has to say on the topic, because he goes back typing, and that will not stand. “What about TV shows? Are you into mostly fantasy, or do you like sci-fi, because, I mean, Firefly is a classic, and Battlestar Galactica was awesome, though the end was a bit…weird, not that the entire show wasn’t weird, and I could honestly keep going about all of these forever so you should probably stop me at some point.”“Gēn hóuzi bǐ diū shǐ.”“What the—oh my God, you just swore at me in Chinese! Firefly Chinese!” This might be the best day ever. “You’re a nerd. Like an actual, honest-to-God, closet nerd. You’re awesome.”HMMARCW turns a little bit red, then hunches down and goes back to typing, but this time it’s okay, because he’s a nerd, and that just makes everything a little bit better.--It’s not that things change, exactly, after the table incident (as Stiles as named it in his head), though HMMARCW sometimes actually responds to him now, and they have held two full over-five-minute conversations, one about the evils of Fox having cancelled Firefly, and one about whether Jim Butcher is better at writing urban fantasy or fantasy-fantasy.And HMMARCW is awesome. Once he actually opens his mouth, he’s articulate, and he’s funny, and he can pronounce all of the Firefly swears perfectly, which is ridiculous.But he hasn’t done anything. Not since giving Stiles the book, and it’s not like Stiles hasn’t made it pretty damn clear that he’s interested, but he just hasn’t brought anything up since then. Like, ‘hey, I got you an impossible-to-get book, want to go have dinner?’ Or ‘hey, want to give me a blow job as payment for this book I got you?’ Because Stiles would totally be down for that. Giving HMMARCW a blow job. Or just…seeing him naked. Partially unclothed. Anything.But the problem is that he doesn’t know if HMMARCW is interested. Book giving would suggest yes. Lack of follow-up would suggest no. And pissing off a werewolf by propositioning to him when he’s not actually gay is not super high on Stiles’s list of things to do. For obvious reasons.And now sometimes HMMARCW looks upset when he looks at Stiles, at least when he looks at Stiles and thinks Stiles isn’t looking (but he’s always looking, and wow, that makes him sound like a serial killer), and that’s awful. Because he’s making HMMARCW sad, and he doesn’t know why, and that’s literally one of the last things he wants to do. Because HMMARCW clearly doesn’t have enough that he’s happy about, and also Stiles wants to make him feel good (really fucking good, and wow, he entertains himself).So desperate times call for desperate measures. He’s calling Scott. Scott, who has (moderately-successfully) navigated a relationship with a human, a whatever-he-had-with-Isaac with a werewolf, and the beginning of an almost-relationship with Kira. Scott, who is so oblivious that a girl could stand naked in front of him, trying to seduce him, and he would just offer her a jacket.So okay, yeah, this is probably a bad idea.“Wait, so what’s the problem again?”Stiles wants to shake Scott, but that is not going to happen for a number of reasons. Like that Scott is a werewolf. And not in the same place as him. “I want to have sex with him. I don’t know if he wants to have sex with me. He gave me a present. He hasn’t said anything remotely suggesting he’s interested in me since, so I don’t know if he wants to have sex with me.”Scott gives him the exact same look Erica gave him after she gave him the book, except without the makeup, and pixelated because his internet is shitty. “You’re supposed to be an expert on human-werewolf interactions, right?”“Yes, that is what my PhD is about. And my life.”“So if someone told you what you just told me—werewolf gives gift, they don’t talk about it, they are—”“Motherfucker.” Scott looks actually offended, like Stiles was actually accusing him of having sex with his mother (which would be gross, and Melissa is a very nice woman, and ew). “Not you. I’m such a moron. Okay. Thanks. Bye.”And then Stiles closes the Skype call before Scott can say anything else, because he’s freaking out, and he doesn’t really need to have anyone see that. Not even his best friend. Because he is such a freaking moron. He knows this shit. This is literally his job, and apparently everything he knows just fell out of his brain because his dick got involved.So now he needs a plan.--Unfortunately, plans don’t always go as planned (as Stiles knows because ‘let’s go into the forest in the middle of the night’ turned into ‘my best friend just got bitten by a werewolf’) and he can’t go forward with what he wants to do because HMMARCW isn’t there. For a week. And Stiles doesn’t know when he’s going to be back, and he’s freaking out anyway because finals are next week and so he’s basically going to be running on coffee and Adderall and maybe some Cheetos between now and the end of that (and shouldn’t he be done with this shit, but 72 hour turn-around times are hard with three classes, plus thirty projects to grade, so apparently not), and so he is not a happy person.But there isn’t anything he can do, so he just goes to the coffee shop every day he can and grades the shit out of those projects and pointedly ignores the ARC of Alpha Pack that is taunting him from his bag because he doesn’t have time to read right now (which sucks because the book is amazing).But the real problem comes after finals, when he has dozens of finals to grade and nowhere to grade them, because the coffee shop is full of post-finals students who are loud and rowdy and (in some cases) his students, which is a bad combination. And his apartment is full of reasons not to do his work, like video games, and Netflix, and a bed (because he’s operating on something like three hours of sleep a night for the past week because all of his free time has been spent dealing with Scott, who keeps freaking the fuck out because he called Kira Allison in bed once (whoops).So he goes to the library.And it’s not that he doesn’t like the library, exactly. It’s that…well, his mom volunteered at the library, and so most of his memories of the library—other than the Beacon Hills High School library—are of his mother, and it’s like hospitals, where there’s something about how they smell and how they feel that makes everything feel like his mother.Which isn’t really his favorite thing ever.But he needs to get work done, and he’s at the point where if he doesn’t get it done now it’s not going to happen by the 72-hour mark, because when he falls asleep, he’s not waking up for at least 12 hours (and probably more like 24). Like, he’s seriously hitting the micro-sleep stage, where he loses a couple of seconds at a time, so he sits at one of the tables with a shitty but strong coffee from the coffeemaker in the library and goes to it.And tries really hard not to close his eyes.He has three finals left (and they’re from the good students, because he saves those for last because they’re the best to read) when he runs out of coffee. And even though these are the good students, there’s no way he’s getting through these finals without coffee, so he stuffs everything more-or-less in his bag, which he leaves to save his seat, and gets up to head to the coffeemaker.There’s someone standing there, so he stands in line behind them, pinching himself intermittently to stay awake as the guy pours himself some coffee. And then the guy turns around, and holy shit, it’s HMMARCW. And this is literally the worst time to run into HMMARCW, who looks adorable and scruffy and snarly, and Stiles isn’t even sure whether he’s saying any of this aloud or what because he’s not positive his mouth is working properly.But he has a plan, and it’s a good plan, and he’s not really sure when he’s going to see HMMARCW again, so he blurts out, “I’m sorry.” And HMMARCW just sort of…crumples, like someone cut the strings holding him up, and fuck, fuck, that’s not what Stiles was aiming for, so he starts babbling, “I know that you were trying to tell me something with the book and everything, and I should have realized it, because that’s my job, but I’m a moron and I get too attached to things and so I forgot everything that I know about werewolves, and so I’m sorry.”HMMARCW just stays crumpled, and he mumbles, “It’s okay,” and starts to walk away.Which is still wrong, and Stiles clearly isn’t getting his point across (or maybe he is and HMMARCW changed his mind, and wow, that would suck), but he’s having a really hard time connecting his brain to his mouth (a harder time than usual). “No, wait.” HMMARCW stops and looks at him, and belated he tacks on, “Please,” which gets him an honest-to-God smiles (or at least a twitch of the lips, but they go up, so it counts). “I, um, so what I was trying to say is that I talked to my friend who’s a werewolf, and he reminded me that the way that werewolf mating rituals go is that they give a gift that they think the person can use, usually based on something that they’ve said or done, and then it’s in the other person’s court, because they’ve shown their hand and so the other person knows, but I’m a moron and forgot that that’s how it works, and so I kept waiting for you to make the next move, when you were waiting for me to make the next move.”HMMARCW’s face lights up, but it’s hesitant still, like he doesn’t know what Stiles is saying, which is totally fair, because Stiles isn’t even sure what he’s saying at this point. “Is that so?”“Yeah. So, uh, I’m going to make the next move. If you’re still interested. Which I hope you are. So…do you want to go out with me sometime? To somewhere that isn’t the coffee shop?”“I would love to.”Stiles grins at him and then takes a step towards the coffeemaker, and one of his feet misses the ground and then he’s pitching forward and everything is sort of weird and smeary and maybe he should have gotten some more sleep, and then warm hands with fantastic muscles catch him and he passes out.But at least he gets to be in HMMARCW’s arms as he falls.
(1)
The afternoon of his first day at work is warm. Not uncomfortably - he isn’t sweating, though that may be due to the gentle air con breezing down the back of his shirt. No, it's the kind of warm that soothes his bones, nurtures his muscles, and brightens his mood enough that Seokjin has to tell him to ‘stop humming that godforsaken Taeyang song before I throw your eyes, nose, lips out of here.’He chuckles light heartedly, but stops all the same. Jin is a nice hyung, and he doesn’t want to ruin his relationship with his coworker already.See, Park Jimin is, in various senses of the word, new. Not just in the café - he is also new to Seoul, new to high school, having moved up from Busan to start his freshman year at his dream placement in Hanlim Multi Arts School. He's a dancer, and it's something you can certainly tell from his physique - even in his crisp black work shirt, the fabric stretches around his biceps, fits snug across his broad chest, and he can’t help but grin smugly as he catches a group of girls in the corner eyeing him up, all blushing cheeks and wandering eyes.Not that he's interested, mind you.Sighing contently, he busies himself with wiping down the machines behind the counter, a smile stretched across his face. Seokjin had told him during his interview that his smile could honestly light up a room, and so he makes a point of wearing one all the time, especially on a day as sunny and pleasant as this one. Light streams through the thin slats of the blinds and makes the whole place glow warmly, relaxing the atmosphere and setting a gentle mood.And then, the door opens.The light tinkle of the bell alerts him to the customers, and Jimin spins back around with his bright grin perfectly in place - but no one could have properly prepared him for who walks in. As soon as the first two boys step over the threshold, the volume level rockets tenfold as his heart begins to drop, and from the corner of his eye he notices other patrons turning to glare at the teenage boys for disturbing the peace.Oh fuck, he thinks, forcing the smile to stay there. Please don't cause too much trouble."Yo!"They're a rabble. Completely. This guy has in friend in a headlock, and he doesn't look like he's gonna let him go anytime soon. Jimin continues to smile. "What can I get you?""Grande chai tea latte, 3 Pump, skim milk, no foam, extra hot, please," the headlock-giving snapback guy says with a grin, patting his abs under his basketball shirt with a free hand. "Gotta watch the figure, right?"Right, he thinks, hurriedly scribbling the requirements onto the side of the cup. Thank God he used to work in Starbucks back home."Caramel macchiato, venti, skim; extra shot, extra-hot, extra-whip, please!" His currently almost-choking friend says from below without a hitch, a grin cheerful enough to outmatch Jimin's own on his face.
Oh sweet Jesus.
"Who am I making it out for?" He asks kindly, trying not to scoff at the orders. Really, he should be used to things like this, but the fact of how extreme a cup of coffee can be gets him everytime."Hobi and Taetae!"As he turns around to pass the cups to Jin working behind him, he has to fight rolling his eyes, before collecting the money and sending them on their way. And then, the next person steps up.Compared to his hyped up comrades (who Jimin believes probably shouldn't be allowed anywhere near coffee in the first place), he's relatively calm. His eyes are drooping, skin pale, dark circles beginning to blossom under the curve of his eyes, but the way his face falls into a pout has Jimin thinking 'hey... now this asshole is actually kinda cute'. Despite the warm weather, the guy has a thick knitted beanie pulled down over his head of pinkish peach hair, pushing his fringe to just cover his eyes, and from where his ear pokes out under the side he can see a littering of tiny silver piercings. The best part? He seems to share the barista's pain in the height department.This guy might be okay, he thinks happily, his smile rejuvinated just the tiniest of bits. "How can I help you?"It's ruined the moment he opens his mouth."Venti, 7 pump vanilla, soy, 12 scoop matcha, 180 degree, no foam green tea latte, please," he says like it's nothing, and the tiny barista has to blink at him a few times with an open mouth before his brain finally responds. So much for 'okay'.His Sharpie frantcally scribbles the details onto the cardboard, glancing back up at the stranger who's staring him down with zero emotion on his face. "U-Um, of course, will that be all?""And a double chocolate marshmallow cookie to go."A double chocolate- Jimin openly stares at him in bewilderment, and the tiny spitfire finally huffs and glares venomously."What? Can't a guy get a biscuit around here without being judged?""Ah. Um. Sorry. Uh. Who is it for?" He sputters, his cheeks flushing bright red, he knows it. He can't meet the guys eyes as he watches him warily, knowing that he's made a fool of himself on his first day, and even behind him he hears Jin snort quietly as he makes the drinks."... Suga," he eventually responds, and Jimin doesn't even bother to check the spelling like he would normally do, too eager to move on and get this awkwardness over and done with.Which is why, when the pink haired boy eventually pays and receives his drink, he can't help but silently groan at the name written in blocky handwriting under the Starbucks logo. 
Sugar.
  
(4)
"Jin-hyung told me you met Yoongi-hyung for the first time the other day," Jungkook says, swinging his legs beneath him as he sits on the counter. It's not his break, but he doesn't really care, sipping nonchalantly on a fruit cooler as he watches his hyung restock the blueberry muffins."Yoongi?" He barely glances back, mentally cursing the kid for being lazy but alas unable to do anything against the son of the owner. He had met the two-years-younger two-inches-taller Busan boy a few days earlier, introduced by Jin as 'hey, you guys are both from the other side of the country, maybe you can get along'. Jungkook, it's safe to say, is a bratty teenager at the best of times - but when he smiles, his eyes crinkle and his tongue rests against his front two teeth in bunny-like fashion, and Jimin finds himself unable to chide the youngster whenever he forgets to use the right honourifics, or when he decides to let his coworker do most of the day's work.He's a sucker for cute smiles."Yeah. He came in with his friends the other day. Apparently you two didn't really hit it off," he snorts, emptying the rest of his drink into his mouth before sliding off the counter.Jimin frowns, watching as the youngster shoots for a three pointer into the trash (and successfully scores, with such an adorable cheer that he can't help but silently coo at). "I don't know who you mean...""Suga."Oh. The name instantly brings a less-than-impressed face to mind, and Jimin furrows his brows. That guy. "You... know each other?""I know his friends," the younger says, with the innocent grin that makes the older brunette want to pinch his cheeks. "Hoseok-hyung, Taehyung; they go to the dance club I'm in, and they come around pretty often. One of Hoseok-hyung's friends tags along too, and he brings Suga."Dance club? His smile matches Jungkook's, and he makes a mental note to ask about it later. He had no idea the little brat liked to dance. "But why do you call him Suga?"Returning to his original place on the counter, Jungkook shrugs. "It's a stagename. He's a pretty cool underground rapper."A rapper? He can barely contain his surprise, and the younger just chuckles at him, nodding along with a supportive 'I know, right? You wouldn't think.' In his mind, he flickers through some of the famous rappers he knows - A$AP Rocky, Tablo, Dok2, Deepflow - and then back to the image of that tiny pouting pink haired boy who asked for a double chocolate marshmallow cookie three days ago. Seriously?He wants to ask more, but the bell above the shop door tinkles quietly, and he decides to think about it another time while he puts on his best smile for the customer."Hi, how can I help you?" Jimin is almost dozing off when the small bell rings just after 6, leaning on top of the pastry display with his chin in hand and eyes closed. It's too warm, and Jungkook (the little shit) turned off the AC before he left after his shift, so the temperature is only just beginning to drop back to comfortable numbers. As a result, he's sleepy, missing the high pitched ringing in the midst of his daydream - and it's not until he hears a quiet but pointed aherm that his eyes flutter open, only to come face to face with none other than Suga.
Oh, shit.
Immediately, he jumps back into a normal stance, brushing down his apron and patting his hair, face heating up faster than the machines behind him can steam milk. The way the other is looking at him, he knows he remembers him, and he can't help but feel hyper selfconscious and uncomfortable under his blunt stare."U-Um, hey, sorry about that! What can I get for you?"He's quiet, for a moment - observing - but eventually responds, eyebrow raised, with the same complicated pretentious order as the last time they met. "Venti, 7 pump vanilla, soy, 12 scoop matcha, 180 degree, no foam green tea latte, please."The way he simply recites it off gives Jimin the impression of a robot, and he matches his raised eyebrow, pen poised above the cardboard cup - but before he can ask if he wants anything else, Suga speaks up again."You spelled my name wrong last time, by the way. It's S-U-G-A, not S-U-G-A-R."It's so casual, so seemingly off-hand, but when Jimin looks back up from writing he directly meets his eyes, purposely staring straight at him. Challenging him.Amazing, he thinks, momentarily stunned. Amazing. People don't usually go out of their way to correct such a small error - it's just a coffee cup - but the look on Suga's face doesn't seem like he's joking, and after a few moments of blankly opening and closing his mouth like a fish, Jimin finally manages to respond, trying not to laugh as he finishes writing. Challenge accepted."Oh. Sorry, my bad, I guess?""Right."This will be easy, he thinks with a silent snort, after turning around to start preparing the drink. It's ridiculous and takes a bit of time, and all the while he can feel the rapper's eyes on the back of his head - the atmosphere is a bit tense, and every time he glances back Suga is still watching him, hands pushed deep into his skinny jean pockets. Today, there's a snapback in place of the beanie, and he doesn't look as pouty and tired - headphones hang around his neck, and with the added Supreme hoodie and backpack, he looks a little bit more like the underground rapper Jungkook claimed him to be than the fluffy (yet venomous) teddy bear.When he's finished, he turns back around, pushing the cup across to the waiting boy as he gives him his brightest and most innocent looking smile. "₩6500, please."Suga is wary - he has every right to be - but he hands over the exact money, muttering a 'yeah... thanks' under his breath as he turns away, swiping the cup. He doesn't waste any time in walking out of the door as Jimin chuckles in amusement behind him, in too much of a hurry for his show tonight to dwell on how irritating(ly cute - wait, no) the barista's grin was.It's not until he's in the next street over that he checks the cup, and his mouth drops open in disbelief. 
Shuga.
  
(6)
Jimin's in the middle of pulling his apron over his head in the staff room when Seokjin catches him, his mood oddly bright and a smirk on his face. There's no school today, so he's working a morning shift, and he's definitely not used to being up so early on a weekend.What Jin tells him, however, considerably wakes him up."Yoongi made a complaint about you, yesterday."It's said in such a sing-song voice that Jimin struggles to find it in himself to be worried, especially as the older boy is trying (and failing) to contain his chuckles, leaning against the door frame. But he does anyway, his face turning a shade paler, and he swears. "Shit, really?""Yup. Came by after school yesterday. He's a senior at Hanlim, did you know that?"Jimin did not know that, and whilst he would otherwise be pleasantly surprised, he's a bit more concerned with the state of his job right now. "Hyung," he whines, clinging onto the elders arm automatically, his natural aegyo kicking into gear. "What did he say? Did he tell the manager?"Jin doesn't even fight the instinct to ruffle the younger's hair with his free hand, his shoulders shaking as he laughs. Even if they've only known each other for a week or so, Jimin is so undeniably friendly that he feels comfortable already. "Don't worry, Jimin-ah. He only complained to me. Something about how the new employee made fun of him or something? You don't happen to know anything about that, do you?"Jimin groans, running his hands down his face. "It was only a little joke, hyung! Because he seemed so stuck up about the spelling of his name!" What if the manager finds out? What if I get sacked?The elder sighs, pinching one of the small barista's cheeks, smiling warmly. "I said, don't worry about it. Yoongi's a good friend of mine, he doesn't get seriously worked up over much. You must really rub him the wrong way, for him to whine like a little kid to me. Or maybe it's the right way?" He muses, reaching up to pat the pouting boys head. "Either way, this is a good thing. I promise. You're not gonna get in trouble.""You sure?" He asks, moving to push his hair back into that perfect bedhead style that Jin had messed up.Jin chuckles at his action as he heads out of the staff room, but before he can leave, he looks back over his shoulder, a sincere grin on his face."Completely. In fact, I would only recommend you do it more."  
(9)
Jimin is on the front again when Yoongi makes his next appearance. This time, only the familiar snapback-and-basketball-shirt kid is with him, and when he notices the brunette smiling happily at him from behind the counter, he whispers into Snapback's ear before scurrying off to find a table.The barista can't help but feel a little disappointed that he can't directly tease him today, especially after Seokjin's encouragement, but he perks back up as Snapback approaches, offering a cheerful smile. "Hi! What'll be today?"The same order rattles off, with an added 'for Suga and Hobi', and Jimin realises that this must be the latter. He's wearing sweats today, and a loose t-shirt that reads 'Soul Dance School', and as he passes the cups back to where Jin is waiting to fix the drinks he can't help but point it out."You dance?" He asks, nodding towards his shirt. (Behind him, he hears Jin snort at today's misspelling of Yoongi's name, and though a grin fights to spread across his face he surpresses it for the sake of keeping it cool.)"Ah, yeah. I do - why? You interested?" Hobi replies, grinning as he's sorting through his money.Jimin nods as he totals up the price, hissing when the register tray shoots out and bangs against his hip. "Kind of. I used to dance back in Busan, but I just moved up for high school. I'm in the program at Hanlim - that'll be ₩11000, please."His eyebrows raise in surprise. "No way, Hanlim? That's where we go!" Handing over the money, sticking his wallet in his pocket, he takes the drinks from where Jin has slid them carefully onto the counter between them. "You should totally come to the second year showcase in a few weeks. We can show you what to look forward to!""Sure, I'll think about it. Thanks," he says, smiling, and Hobi beams at him. "Enjoy your drinks." Jimin has only managed to turn around and help Jin with cleaning the coffee grinder when he hears it,  Yoongi's drawn out groan and irritated 'are you kidding me' travelling from around the corner where the baristas can't see. They look to each other and laugh, Seokjin patting him fondly on the shoulder, and Jimin decides that he's really going to enjoy working at Starbucks this year.  
(10)
He's wiping tables at the other side of the shop when he notices him, tucked away in the corner, a leather notebook open on his lap as he chews the end of his pen.He must have come in earlier, Jimin thinks, piling up plates and mugs without much thought.Yoongi is alone. He's got his feet up on the edge of the coffee table, black sneakers squeaking whenever he adjusts himself, and his snapback is turned backwards on his head, thin strands of pink hair poking through the hole above the strap. Every now and then, he'll write furiously, tongue peeking over his lower lip in concentration, or suddenly sigh loud enough to make the younger boy glance over in concern - only to scribble through an entire page, or rip it out and stuff it into the empty cardboard cup where his coffee used to be."It's probably best to leave him be for today," Jin advises kindly, when he notices Jimin look over at a frustrated groan that (unfortunately) he wasn't the cause of."Okay."Yoongi has his headphones on, and Jimin can hear the soft thump of music whenever he has to go near. The senior looks stressed, and at some point Jin takes over a pot of green tea, before returning to the counter with a sly wink to the brunette. With the golden afternoon sun streaming through the window though, picking up the highlights in his hair and casting shadow under the line of his jaw, Jimin can't help but think that Yoongi looks kind of cool.  
(13)
When he turns around to hand over the macchiato, he pauses at the boy smiling at him, tall and tan and outrageously goodlooking. High cheekbones, deep brown eyes, messy brown hair - he's wearing a Hanlim uniform, probably coming straight from school like Jimin had, and that's not only where he thinks he recognises the guy from."You're in my dance class, aren't you?"His voice is deep, warm, and Jimin glances at the name on the cup before the image of the guy in a headlock springs to mind. "Ah, yeah - you're Taehyung, right?""Right," he replies with a box shaped grin, and his smile is infectious enough that the barista smiles too. "I heard that you pissed Yoongi-hyung off a little bit last week."Ah, is everyone hearing this? Jimin sighs, leaning on the counter slightly. "Sorry... I just thought I would joke around a little. You guys all seemed to be friends, so..." he gestures towards Jin, who's busy stocking the brownies with a cheerful hum.But the taller but just snorts and shakes his head vigorously. "No, no, don't be sorry! It's a good thing, I promise!""Really? That's what Jin-hyung said too...""So I must be right - right?" The man in question pipes up, and Taehyung glances over to where the oldest is now looking at them both in amusement, joining in the laughter. He feels a little out of the loop, but it's probably just because he's new to Seoul, and he's not exactly a part of their friendship group. So he shrugs it off, grinning along anyway, and as Taehyung waves goodbye with a 'see you in class!' he finds himself thinking about the grumpy pink haired senior he seems to annoy so much.  
(23)
When Yoongi spots Jimin sitting in the row down from him he can't help but groan loudly, shoving his face into his hands. Why is this kid everywhere?It's been nineteen days since the asshole purposely spelled his name wrong, and since then, he can't seen to escape from the guy. Whenever he goes into to Starbucks for his usual, he's always there, with his annoying as hell grin and perfect hair and his 'how can I help?' that's so obviously cheeky he wants to punch him in the face. It's like the fates are messing with him, and just want to see him flip his lid at the next variation on his name the brat can come up with. And, Taehyung and Hoseok, are not. Helping.He'd complained to them enough that he'd hoped they got the idea to help avoid him, but instead, Hoseok had invited the little shit to the dance showcase. Apparently, 'the kid is a dancer', and 'he's Taehyung's friend from class, hyung!' so it was only right for the Busan boy to be there. He had to admit, Jimin looked a lot different in his uniform - his toned muscles were hidden under the long sleeves of his dark blue blazer, the stiff material emphasizing his strong shoulders, not that he was checking him out, or anything.Comparitively, Yoongi was a stick. His legs were his complex (as pretty as SNSD's, he had said as a freshman - his friends never let him live it down), and he had a mean case of resting bitch face at the best of times. Jimin was literally everything he was not, and he figured that was probably why the younger enjoyed pissing him off so much. When he glances along the row in front again, he finds he's not really surprised at all to see Jimin there, turning to face him, that same ridiculous sunshine grin streched across his childish face.Yoongi sighs. Looks like his senior year is going to be a fun one.  
(28)
Taehyung waves cheerfully to the barista as the group filter into the shop, shouting his greeting with little concern for anyone else, and Jimin doesn't even fight the urge to roll his eyes. The group have been hanging around so often that he thinks he's become immune to the volume, unlike the rest of the customers, and he just returns his classmate's wave half heartedly as Jin chuckles by his side. Yoongi is lurking around at the back of the group, one side of his headphones pulled off his ear, hands tucked into his sweater pocket. He's not hiding - it's just the other two beagles are so loud that he can't help but step back, and let them run amok as he watches in amusement. Jimin and Taehyung seem to get along well despite the volume difference, he notices, and as he watches their interactions Jimin suddenly catches his eye, sending him a mischievous smirk.
You fucker.
When it's his turn to order, he barks it out, cheeks burning at the way Jimin is chuckling at him, and how his tongue sticks out as he thinks of what stupid name to call him next. He's got a growing pile of empty cardboard cups in his room - each identical, almost, save for the personalisations of his name on every one. Some are simple misspellings, others more creative, and a few even flat out insults - but he's kept them all the same, all 19 of them.His hand is sweaty where he's holding his money, so when it's time to pay he drops it quickly into Jimin's palm, scurrying away to an empty table to wait for Taehyung to bring his drink (and so Jimin can't see his burning face any longer). Hoseok rolls his eyes, but follows his hyung across the room - not before sending Taehyung a knowing look, and a bright smile to the slightly confused barista. Not too long later, the tall freshman appears again with three drinks in his hand, and a look on his face that screams he's going to embarrass someone within the next ten seconds."One complicated green tea latte for Salt!" Taehyung calls out dramatically, and Yoongi immediately groans in annoyance, ignoring the youngster's obnoxious cackling. Well, at least he has another cup for his collection.  
(33)

hey suger

i wonder what you look like when you smile
Glancing across to where the younger is cheerfully serving a group of giggling high school girls from Yoongi's year, his heart is picking up, and his hands are clammy and stiff and when the brunette finally notices him watching. He sends him a cheeky grin that has his fan club squealing, and it's all the senior can do to try not to groan out loud and stare out the window, as he wills the tight feeling in his chest to go away.Shit, he thinks angrily, face exploding into colour as he sinks into his chair, avoiding the curious glances his friends are giving him. 
He's really cute.
  
(36)
The next time Yoongi and his friends come in, Jimin is too busy at the other end of the counter, making drinks. When Jin passes the order cups down, he can't help but smirk and slip the Sharpie from his pocket, making some adjustments to the name on a certain pink haired senior's cup.Yoongi's tired and frustrated mutter of 'seriously' is all he needs to know he succeeded.What he doesn't see, however, is the tiny smile the older boy tries to stop spreading across his face.  
(39)

You don't give up, do you?
It's tiny, barely legible, but it's there. The handwriting is so scratchy and careless that he almost mistook it for scribbles and threw it away, and probably would have done too, if not for the fact he'd picked it up from Taehyung and Yoongi's table.
You don't give up, do you?
He can't help but read it over, and over, again, the smile on his face growing with each repeat. No, he doesn't give up. If he had given up, he wouldn't be here now, reading Yoongi's first written correspondance from the edge of a slightly used napkin.It's only small, but it's a step in a direction Jimin is excited to go.He can't wait to see him again.  
(44)
'Again' comes five days later, in the form of the tiny senior pushing open the door with a huff, a very tall (and very well dressed) blonde boy following not too far behind him. He's never seen him before, but he guesses that one of the guys might have mentioned him sometime, and when Yoongi comes up to the counter to order, he goes off to sit at one of the empty tables.He's wearing a beanie again, but this time a different one - it's taller, tighter, and not quite pushed down properly. The way it sits on his ears makes them stick out from beneath his hair, and the t-shirt he's wearing is so baggy on his slim frame that it makes him look like some sort of hip hop mythical creature, especially with the chunky Timberlands on his feet and shorts-with-leggings combination.
Jungkook is on the register today, and as the cups get passed down (for RM and Suga, apparently) Jimin makes the necessary alteration before filling the orders. "Hey," he greets, pushing the drinks towards him.Yoongi doesn't even bat a lash, instantly picking them up and looking at his name. "Elf King?""Your ears are sticking out," Jimin points, and Yoongi flushes bright red before stomping away, listening to the freshman's cheerful laughter trail after him. Sometime later, the blonde boy's phone rings, and it's only a few minutes before he's rushing out of the door with coffee in hand, the bell tinkling in his wake. Instead of leaving, though, Yoongi stays in his seat (his beanie now pulled down of course), notebook open on his lap as he purses his lips - and half an hour later, he is still there by the window, staring aimlessly out into the street as he twirls a pen around his slender fingers. His drink has sat untouched for a while now, and he looks so distracted that Jimin makes a note to check on him at the end of his shift. "Hey."Startled, Yoongi apparently didn't notice him come over, as his head snaps up to stare at him, eyebrows raising in surprise. His notebook is now closed on the table, his drink half empty and probably ice cold, but Jimin came prepared - he holds out one of the cardboard cups he's brandishing, name facing forward (Sweetener, this time), and Yoongi takes it carefully with an uncertain look. "Hey...""This seat free?" Jimin asks with a bright smile, nodding towards the seat opposite the pink haired boy."... Sure," he eventually replies, and Jimin grins again in thanks, before sinking down into the soft leather with a drawn out sigh."Everything hurts," he moans, kicking his feet up onto the edge of the coffee table and automatically rolling his neck - Yoongi pulls a face at the horrific cracking of his bones, and he's thankful when it distracts him from his tensing muscles as he stretches, shirt sleeves taut across his tan skin."Yah, if you're just gonna be disgusting, go somewhere else."But Jimin doesn't pay him any mind, and Yoongi doesn't call him out further, settling for just glowering across at him. He knows it's probably been a long day for the barista, and as much as he likes to be alone, he can hardly kick the guy out of his own work place, right? Especially when he brought him coffee. Which he hopes he doesn't have to pay for.Jimin slides forward enough so that his chin is tucked against his chest, and he's almost lying down on the chair. "Why are you still sitting here? Didn't your friend leave ages ago?" He asks, lifting his cup just enough to take a sip of coffee before snuggling back down.Yoongi shrugs."Were you writing again?""Writing?""Yeah - y'know, in that little book," he points, finally bringing up the leather bound journal between them. "I've seen you do it a few times, and your friends told me you were a rapper, sooo..."The pink haired boy narrows his eyes. "What else did they tell you?""That you were cool, but I think they were exaggerating a bit there," he jokes, and to his surprise Yoongi laughs - not a snort, not a scoff, but a laugh."Remind me to thank them," he replies, and his smirk is scary, but only until he continues. He's surprised at just how easy it is to talk to the younger boy. His sarcasm and glares don't melt away, and neither does Jimin stop his determined teasing, but there's an obvious lack of meaning behind all of it, and he finds himself actually enjoying the freshman's company. He learns that  Jimin has danced since he could walk - at first he was contemporary, but where was the harm in branching out? And so now he does a bit of everything, but mainly hip hop, and when he lists off a few of his favourite artists, there's suddenly a whole world of stuff for them to talk about - because once Yoongi gets started on music, it's generally very difficult to get him to stop. And Jimin doesn't really want him to.He looses track of how long he sits there, just enjoying the last of the afternoon sun with the older boy. But it's nice, and as he listens to the rapper huskily hum under his breath, he can't help but think that he could do this more often.  
(54)
"Jimin's on his break, so you don't have to worry about your name being obscenely altered today," Jin says casually, as he jots down the order on the side of the cup, noticing the pink haired boy's searching glance."I wasn't," he mutters defensively, but his hyung just shrugs, turning around to start preparing before he can see his shoulders droop."Right," Seokjin replies in that voice Yoongi hates, where he can tell he just knows (not that there's anything to know). As the older boy works, Yoongi silently muses to himself, staring at his feet in the battered up Converse that annoy him almost as much as a certain brown haired barista.Or, well. Used to annoy him. Lately, he's just kind of accepted that it won't go away any time soon. Jimin seems like the kind of guy who will stick with a joke way past it's sell-by date.He might come off as a bit of a dick, but he doesn't dislike him. He doesn't think anyone really has in it them to dislike the boy from Busan with the persistant grin. But it's like the fates blessed him with the power to piss the pink haired senior off as if it was his job, and Jimin's job was definitely to make coffee, not to give sass to a boy two years older (and a centimetre taller) than him."He's single, you know. Can you believe that? Someone as pretty as him without a boyfriend?"The revelation catches him off guard, pulling him out of his thoughts, but he's not stupid - he knows what his hyung his doing, as he pushes the finished brew across the counter, and underneath all of the bravado and pride there may or may not be the tiniest, almost completely missable part of him that actually is a little bit interested in whether the brunette swings for a certain team."Y-yah, why the hell would I care?" He stutters, trying to look annoyed as he glares, and only succeeding in managing to look adorable.But Jin knows, and Jin understands, and he doesn't miss the almost lingering glance towards the staff room door before his short friend hastily grabs his coffee and stomps away, ears burning in embarrassment. Oh Yoongi, he sighs, shaking his head in amusement.
  
(58)
It’s raining when Yoongi next shows up, and it’s the first time since they met that the word ‘hot’ springs to mind faster than 'cute’.Of course, he has nothing on Jimin, muscle wise - the senior is allergic to every sport except basketball, and would prefer to stay in bed upwards of fifteen hours rather than move around too much. But there’s just something about his slim legs in his skinny jeans that’s pretty, and when his wet t-shirt is hanging off his shoulders and clinging to his tiny waist, the freshman can’t help but avert his eyes and desperately try to think of something else.Don’t even get him started on the water rolling over his cheeks from his eyelashes, or dripping from the ends of his darkened hair.“That came out of fucking nowhere,” he hisses as soon as he gets closer, pulling off his snapback and ruffling his hair. Jimin almost chokes on the coffee he’s sipping at the sight, and when Yoongi glances at him strangely, he has to quickly turn around and compose himself before returning to the front (ignoring how Jungkook is almost pissing himself at the other end of the counter).“Y-Yeah, I know, right?” He laughs, grabbing a cup and his Sharpie to scribble down the order (and the misspelling of the day) even if he already knows it by heart. “Same as usual?”“Ah, actually, I’ll have hot chocolate today,” he says, and his cheeks are turning pink as he glances away, trying to keep his cool. “It’s too horrible outside, y'know?”And as if to prove his point, he sniffles, wiping away the rain that’s running into his eyes from his hair.Min Suga actually sniffles.He’s almost too stunned to respond, but he notices the senior’s eyes begin to narrow, and he hurriedly rights himself, jotting down the order. “Would you like whipped cream and marshmallows with that?”He makes it look like he’s deliberating, but Jimin knows his mind was made up from the very start, and he can’t help but smirk at the way he pretends to hesitate in saying 'sure, why not’. When Jungkook hands the cup over to him at the other end of the counter, a knowing smirk on his face, Yoongi frowns and reads it straight away.Jimin's already watching from behind the cash register when the senior's cheeks flush, and he immediately looks up to meet his eyes, flustered and embarrassed, before hastily thanking the boy in front of him and scurrying away. 
Sugay.
  
(60)
He's quiet. And not quite in the way he usually is, where he's frowning, or deep in thought.No, Yoongi is fully aware he's quiet, Jimin knows, and he's also noticed how the boy keeps avoiding his gaze whenever their eyes meet across the room."You're probably freaking him out with all the staring," Jungkook says, through a mouthful of cinnamon muffin. When Jimin only rolls his eyes and tells him to shut up, he shrugs, returning to his own business.The whole gang is here, today. Four of them, sitting around a table in the corner, with Yoongi tucked away against the window, the tall nameless blonde sitting in the seat beside him so the barista's view is hindered. Like always, Taehyung and Hoseok are louder than the seven hells, but for once he really doesn't care - he's too worried about the pink haired boy, and the way he's chewing his lip, and how he didn't seem to have any frustrated reaction to the name scribbled across his cup. It must be a miracle, he thinks, when the sunshine duo finally get up and leave, dragging the protesting blonde man across the room with them. As they pass, they call out goodbye to Jimin and Jungkook, and from the corner of his eye he sees Yoongi quickly steal a glance at him before looking away as he's caught.Sighing to himself, he grabs a tray and a dishcloth, and with the excuse of cleaning up he casually saunters over to where the senior is now sitting alone, staring onto the sidewalk."Hey, you done?"No response. He watches Yoongi's fingers as they fidget with the edge of the cardboad cup in his hands, rolling and unrolling a section of the rim."... Hyung?"Yoongi flinches, and his gaze darts up, only to instantly disappear to the other side of the room, looking awkward."Hyung," Jimin calls again, his voice gentle. "I can call you that, right?"It's very small, very slight, but the nod is definitely there, as he presses his lips together nervously. Jimin takes that as an okay, and without caring much if Jungkook tells on him, he takes the seat diagonal from where the older boy is sitting, beginning to pile up the empty cups and plates."Are you finished with that?" He asks, reaching for the partially destroyed cup in Yoongi's hands, but the older pulls it away from him quickly, eyes wide as he realises what he just did."A-Ah... no. I'm not."The silence is awkward, and now both of them are flushing, unable to meet each others eyes. Jimin's hand falls back to his lap limply, his heart pounding, dragging his lower lip between his teeth, and it takes a few minutes before he gingerly looks back up - when he does, he's careful, cautious, like a wrong word might ruin everything. "Hyung... are you... okay?"The question hangs in the air, and it feels like Yoongi is deliberating how to answer, before he eventually gives him a wry smile. "I will be," he says, glancing down at his cup. "There's something I have to do, first, but I'll be okay." And Jimin believes him.  
(64)
Oh. Oh.He’s in the middle of serving a customer when it hits him, so hard and out of the blue that it catches him off guard, and the girl in front of the counter has to cough to get his attention back. He serves her quickly, rattling off apologies as he finishes writing down her order, and when he’s finally sent her on her way he has to stop a take a moment for it to sink in.
I… I think I like him.
Jimin doesn’t have much experience with crushes, or relationships. And from what little he has had, he knows he definitely sucks at them - though that may have been because he was less than honest about his interests at the time (he doesn’t think that girl ever really forgave him when he finally came out as gay at school).Of course, he knew he was attracted to him, at least a little bit - Yoongi's a good looking guy, after all, plus he's older and cool and it was inevitable that he wouldn't somehow think he was hot. But it’s undeniable how much he looks forward to seeing the grumpy older boy. Somewhere along the line, his reactions to Jimin’s incessant teasing had become endearing rather than just funny, and the brunette found himself thinking about him whenever he had a moment to spare. What was he doing? Is he with his friends? Does he have a show that night? Would he ever be able to see him perform? Suga is probably really really cool on stage, a world away from the furious blushing mess he sometimes becomes in front of Jimin, and the younger painfully wants to see - to share a bigger part in that, rather than just be the 'guy who spells his name wrong at Starbucks'.He sighs involuntarily, feeling his heart fluttering wildly beneath his shirt.Other than his lack of knowledge in love, he knows he’s not a complete lost cause. People check him out all the time - it’s hard not to, honestly, when he makes himself such an easy candidate to approach. He may be a little on the shorter side for a guy, but he more than makes up for it in other areas - his muscles are well defined, his skin is clear and tanned, he’s got a pretty handsome face if he does say so himself - and he’s just so friendly most of the time that people can’t help but feel immediately comfortable with him.Yoongi, on the other hand…Well, even the image of the senior’s scowling face makes him snort out loud, and his cheeks tinge pink with happiness.Shit, I don’t even know if he’s gay, he suddenly thinks, and the concept makes him audibly groan, sinking down onto his hunkers and resting his head against the side of the counter.“You okay there, Jimjam?” Seokjin asks from behind, as he finishes drying a stack of mugs and places them back into the cupboard. The older has taken to giving him nicknames recently, and Jimin kind of likes it - it feels safe and almost motherly, like the older boy is filling the void where his real parent should be.“I don’t know,” he whines, suddenly finding it harder to breathe, because with every second this is dawning on him his heart is squeezing tighter and tighter until he’s gasping, the previous laugher dying in his throat. “I think… I think I’m screwed.”“Screwed? How so?” Jin asks, frowning - but when the bell suddenly rings above the shop door, and Jimin shoots up to see who it is before looking hilariously disappointed, he doesn’t need any further explanation. Finally. “Oh. Ohhhhhhhhhh.”“Yeah,” is all he can reply, before he puts on a smile to serve the high school girl who won’t stop blushing in front of him.“I didn’t know you were gay.”She almost chokes, her face flushing even harder, and Jimin glances at her awkwardly as he takes her money, passing the order to Jin to fill. The girl scurries away, looking a bit embarrassed, and the older boy laughs at her reaction, turning to start making her drink with a cheeky 'oops’ Jimin didn't know he was capable of giving.“Uh. Are you… serious?” Jimin asks carefully, glancing at the hyung he’s come to really like. But he doesn’t need to worry, because he just shakes his head, chuckling lightly.“No, no, I'm just playing. Sorry.”“…Um-”Seokjin continues over his small interruption, sending him a reassuring smile. “Yoongi is gay too. Well, bisexual. I think. He hasn’t entirely come out yet though, but really, you don’t have to worry.”“… Was it that obvious?” Jimin asks, pouting at the older boy. Jin just laughs, though, and ruffles his hair like he’s gotten into the habit of doing recently, and the younger barista can’t help but feel grateful to him for being so calm about it all.“It’s the only logical thought process for something like this, I guess,” he replies, turning back to wipe down the steamed milk machine.Watching the older boy work, Jimin feels his heart finally settles - and when it does, warmth spreads throughout his body, tickles his cheeks, and he feels nothing less than content with his feelings right now, hoping for and looking on the bright side of his new discovery. He can’t wait to see the pink haired boy again, and he can only pray that it won’t be too long - and that maybe, maybe, he feels something like this too. “Thanks, hyung,” he says after a while, following his lead in getting back to work. “Don’t mention it.”  
(70)
 The door to the shop opens, and Jimin looks up with high hopes, only to have them come crashing down at the sight of Yoongi’s friends minus actual Yoongi. It’s been 10 days, and he can’t really believe that this is what his feelings have come to, pining after a boy who probably doesn’t feel the same way enough to visit.He knows he’s just bitter, but the thought lingers anyway, like an unwelcome guest.“Yoongi not here with you?” He tries to ask Hoseok casually as he passes over their drinks, and he hopes it’s not too obvious how concerned he is, when the older boy just shakes his head and gives him a sad smile.“Sorry, dude. He’s been a bit out of it the past few days. Give him some time.”Sighing, Jimin nods, with the added promise that’ll he’ll see him at dance practice sometime, before the second year nods and makes his way over to his friends.It was way too obvious, he thinks to himself quietly.  
(76)
"You really miss him, huh."Jin doesn't even need to phrase it as a question, because the answer is written plain as day across the young brunette's face, having given up trying to hide it days ago. Jimin is usually so bright, so happy that it fills the entire shop with cheer, but over the past few weeks his mood has steadily declined, in direct correlation to a certain pink haired boy's non-existant appearance."He'll come back, Jiminie. We've been friends for a long time, I know him well enough."The gentle hand on his back isn't as comforting as it would normally be, but Jimin appreciates the effort nontheless. It's been sixteen days since Yoongi's last appearance at the shop, and a whole twelve since he realised he had a glaringly huge and embarrassing crush on the older boy.He can't describe how much his heart aches whenever he sees the rapper's friends, but it must show on his face, because even the regularly sarcastic asshole Jungkook hasn't been making any snide comments whenever they're on shift together.But Jimin hasn't noticed that, really.He just wants to see his face one more time.  
(81)
Three weeks to the day since his last appearance, Yoongi finally pushes the door to Starbucks open alone sometime after 7pm, and Jimin is so excited and flustered and happy that he's not quick enough to read the mood."Hey, Sugay-hyung, long time no see! The usual?" He asks, trying to play it cool by pushing away from where he's been leaning against the window display, his face automatically lighting up at the sight of his favourite customer. Underneath, his heart is probably beating a million times a minute, because he's missed his face so much and he never realised just how much he enjoyed their cheeky jabs at each other or how big his crush actually was while the older boy was absent.It's only when the senior doesn't respond to his playful poke that Jimin's stomach drops a little, his smile falters, and the silent, timid nod in answer finally breaks his heart.
Did I go too far? 
Yoongi pays for his drink without looking up, and wastes no time in going to the end of the counter to wait, not even trying to hide the fact he's avoiding the younger's concerned looks. But I've called him that before, right? We were cool, right? He's panicking a little, glancing back to where Jungkook is drying a mug behind him and shrugging with a nibble at his lip, equally confused. He doesn't know what to do, but he doesn't want to keep the boy waiting, so he makes the complicated drink the way he usually does - he's getting better, and it's so much quicker with every order, to the point where he gets the no foam right everytime.Before he hands it over, he flicks the cap off his Sharpie - but this time, he doesn't write an obscene insult. Instead, he doodles a tiny scribble self-portrait in the blank space, cat ears and all, with a tiny thumbs up and 'I'm sorry, please cheer up' written in his signature blocky scrawl.Yoongi doesn't even glance at it, snatching the cup away and retreating to a seat in the far corner by the window. But when he finally leaves, without a word, Jimin dejectedly moves over to clear up the rubbish, almost throwing away a napkin left behind before his eyes catch something black in the corner. Partly hidden under the half-finished latte, there's a tiny drawing of a disgruntled turtle, with a short two word sentence written in familiar chicken scratch underneath. 
Thank you.
  
(86)
"Jimin, right?"He's wiping down a table in the corner, piling empty cups onto a tray, when the rich voice calls to him. It's not the one he's been hoping to hear, nor is it one he thinks he's heard too often, but it's smooth and relatively low and when he looks up, he recognises the shock of blonde hair."Uh, y-yeah. What's up?" He asks, standing up to face the taller man, dropping the dishcloth into a mug on the tray. He can't place his name, but he's friends with Yoongi."We've met each other a few times, but I don't think we've been properly introduced. I'm Namjoon - I'm in the year above you, it seems," he says pleasantly, holding out his hand. Jimin looks at it, a bit hesitant and nervous, but wipes his own on the back of his work pants before shaking."How can I help?""It's... about Suga."Namjoon doesn't mess around. The blunt deliverly of the line makes him freeze up, his hand still clamped around the blonde's, before he quickly realises what he's doing and drops it like hot coals.That name. The name that's been driving him nuts for months, that hasn't really left the forefront of his mind. Yoongi hasn't been back since his out of the blue appearance last week, and he's worried. Because the older boy had just looked so destroyed."W-What about him?" He's almost too nervous to ask, the taller boy's expression desperate and pained."It's... pretty... ah, when do you get off work?" Namjoon stops his explaination, chewing on his bottom lip roughly.The clock above the fridge behind the counter reads half past one. "Uh, in about half an hour.""Great. I'll wait for you here, then."And he disappears to buy a drink from whoever is currently serving (Jungkook, it seems), while the younger, a little bit shaken, slowly finishes up his cleaning. It's almost 45 minutes later when Jimin slides into the empty seat across from Namjoon, his own coffee gently cradled between his fingers.The blonde doesn't notice him at first, but after a while he glances over, and the two share a few moments of deliberating silence as they try to decide how to approach the subject. It ends up as Jimin speaking first, his voice starting out as a squeak, but he quickly clears it and begins his sentence again."What... What did you want to tell me?"It feels like forever before Namjoon finally responds. And when he does, he doesn't really need to explain any further, because suddenly Jimin understands exactly. And his heart, like it had when he saw Yoongi's timid nod, completely breaks again. "Last week... Yoongi came out to his parents." The silence he's met with encourages him to fill it, and though Jimin's not 100% tuned in, too busy in his own thoughts, he catches snippets. The pink haired boy had been struggling with telling people for a long time - Namjoon found out during his last year of middle school, when Yoongi had just become a high school freshman, and though all of their small group of friends knew, not many others were aware beyond that. It was okay though, because Yoongi's first love had been a girl, and after that he never had any real interest in people, until he met 'some asshole kid fresh out of middle school who keeps fucking spelling my name wrong'. From there his reality had just grown and grown and grown until he couldn't keep it in anymore. It was actually happening. It was real. And he couldn't hide such a huge part of him, not when there was someone he was willing to invest himself in.Safe to say, his parents hadn't taken it very well."I don't think he's been home for a while," Namjoon says quietly, staring into what's left of his drink. The liquid is probably cold by now, but he doesn't feel like finishing it anyway. "Taehyung and Hoseok said he stayed over at their houses a few times before he went home to tell them, but otherwise, we think he's been sleeping in his studio. No one's seen him since he told us what went down, and we're worried."Jimin finds himself nodding at the older boy's words. Though it didn't sound as bad as Yoongi's situation, his own had had some similarities - halfway through middle school, he had tearily confessed his feelings to his parents, only for them to say they 'needed time to adjust'. He ended up not returning home for an entire year and a half before they called him, switching between his best friend's house and his older sister's apartment, and by then he was graduating and planning to move to Seoul by himself to follow his dreams of dancing. Their relationship hadn't been the same since then, but at least they were on amicable enough terms now - they call once every few weeks to check up on him and wire some money for his keep, even though the conversations could get robotic at times."How..." his voice cracks, and he swallows. "How can I help?"From his pocket, Namjoon pulls out a biro, and with much difficulty (and a few curses) he jots down a bunch of numbers with an address onto a napkin, leaning over the table to push it towards the brunette. "Please... That's his mobile number, and the code to his building. We've all tried calling him, but if he wanted to talk to us right now he would answer... I think... I think only you would be able to help him right now." His voice is desperate, weary, and Jimin can't help but hesitate under the weight of such a responsibility. "Please, Jimin-ssi. Hyung wouldn't do what he just did for anyone. You must be special to him."He looks up from the scribbled napkin to meet Namjoon's eyes, unwavering and truthful, and it takes all of three seconds for him to swallow the lump in his throat and pocket the address, the image of Yoongi's defeated expression at the forefront of his mind."I'll do it," he whispers quietly, closing his eyes to steel himself. "I'll do my best."  
(87)
It's the first time he's meeting Yoongi outside of school and his workplace, he realises, as he approaches the stoic building downtown, on the corner of a junction. The weather seems to match his mood, grey and overcast, and his heart is beating too fast for his body's liking - his breath comes short, his fingers shake, and he has to give himself a few minutes on the sidewalk just breathing before he can even punch in the numbers on the keypad.It's cold and eerily quiet inside the building, the unfriendly (and horribly intimidating) concrete stairs towering up towards the top floor. But there's an elevator the side, so Jimin takes that instead, and he thinks the ride to the 6th floor is one of the worst things he's ever had to do, nerves and worry gnawing away at his insides like maggots.The doors all look the same, but he eventually finds one at the end of the corridor that reads '68', and Jimin tucks the napkin with his address back into his pocket, preparing himself for whatever it was he was about to do. 
Knock, knock, knock.
 "... Hyung?"There's no answer, and it's silent inside the room. Taking a deep breath, he calms himself, and knocks again."Hyung?" He tries, hand moving to shakily rest against the door handle.There's still nothing, not a peep, and Jimin's debating just marching in there and searching for him to get it over with when he hears it. It's a sound he'd rather not hear again, ever, and it shatters his already fragile heart into a million pieces as he bursts through the door and flies towards wherever it's coming from. God, Yoongi.
He's not even on the sofa - instead, his small frame is tucked by the arm rest, on the side where all Jimin can see is the top of his head and the ends of his toes."Shit," he hisses, throwing himself onto the floor beside him, immediately pulling the boy into his arms as sobs wracked his body. "Yoongi, I'm here, I'm here, it's okay-""Jimin," his voice is weak, and the brunette has to wonder just how long he's locked himself up in here, if he's eaten, if he's slept- "Jimin...""It's okay, hyung. I know. I know everything. Just let it out."And for the first time in his life, Min Yoongi willingly gives up his proud demeanor. The hours go by, and he's not sure how long he's been there before Yoongi's tears eventually dry up, the two of them entwined on the sofa, elder's face against his chest. His shoulders have stopped shuddering, and now, Jimin can feel his gentle breath against the bottom of his neck, his cheeks turning pink at how close they currently are."They kicked me out, Jimin," he whispers tentatively, his cheeks flushed and voice shaky, because if there's one thing Yoongi hates, it's crying. "They fucking kicked me out, and told me I was disgusting.""You're not disgusting, hyung. You're not. You're so far from that I don't know how they could ever say that to you," he whispers back, fingers stroking lovingly through his hair."But what do I do?"Yoongi pulls away and stares straight at him, and honestly, seeing the usually pretty stoic senior so exasperated with tear tracks down his face is terrifying."What do I do, Jimin? What did you do?"Reaching up with the napkin he'd dug from his pocket, he carefully wipes the senior's cheeks, his fingers perhaps lingering too long on the curve of his jaw, but he doesn't miss the way the older boy leans into his touch. "I lived between my sister and my best friend for almost two years," he replies truthfully, smiling reassuringly. "But they called me when they were ready. I talked to them. I talked them through my feelings. And by the end of it, we were okay."He doesn't look happy with his answer, so Jimin sighs, brushing away the pink hair that's stuck to his forehead."Look, I know it doesn't sound good, but you're going to have to try. It's the only way. And if that doesn't work, well... you're always welcome to stay with me," he offers with a wink, and watches in delight as the older boy's face explodes with colour."Fuck, why does this have to be so hard," Yoongi whines, and Jimin can't help but laugh at how childish he looks right now, pulling him back down into his arms for another hug. "I know, hyung - I know. But you have to talk to them, hyung. You might not want to, after what they've done, but they're still your family, and it's better to be on alright terms than none at all."  
(88)
He doesn't remember when he fell asleep, curled into the corner of the sofa, Yoongi's head resting in the gap between his arm and thigh. It's quiet, in the studio - so quiet, that he can hear the rise and fall of his hyung's breath, and as he watches him for a few moments, the intimacy makes his heart stutter in his chest. He eyes are red from the night before, fists clasped around handfuls of tissue, but finally he looks at peace, and Jimin doesn't want him to ever have to go through anything like that again. Especially not by himself.
... I need to go.
It's a miracle he woke up when he did, really - it's 10am, and he has a shift in a few hours. So reluctantly, he lifts the senior's head, gently shifting him onto a pillow so he can stand, and slip quietly out of the room with a last lingering glance.He's on the sidewalk when he pulls his phone out, scrolling down to the phone number he's saved but hasn't used yet. And with a trembling sigh, he types out a message.  To Yoongi-hyung: 
Please, just try.   
(94)
jimin's in English class when his phone vibrates, but as he slides it out of his pocket to check the message, he finds he doesn't care. Even when the teacher calls him out for his dazed smile, and shouts at his lack of response, sending him into the hallway where he'll 'deal with [him] after class'.
Yoongi-hyung:
I talked to my parents.
 
Thank you.
  
(96)
He shows up at Starbucks two days later, and as soon as he steps through the door, it's Jungkook who surprisingly pulls Jimin's apron over his head and pushes him from behind the counter. "Go talk to him, hyung. I'll bring some drinks over."Bewildered at the younger forgoing his usually lazy self (and at the little shit actually addressing him as hyung for once), the brunette can't help but pull him into a smothering hug, ignoring his whines and protests as he wriggles to escape. "Who are you, and what have you done with Jeon Jungkook?" He asks cheekily, but the middle schooler elbows him sharply in the stomach, and once he's free he childishly sticks his tongue out."Hey, I didn't say the drinks were free."
Ah, there he is.
Too happy to care, Jimin wastes no more time in jogging up to Yoongi. "They haven't accepted me," he begins quietly, once they're sat down opposite each other, finger nervously running along the rim of his cardboard cup. It's odd to see the pink haired boy's drink free of Sharpie scribbles. Instead, Jungkook has written embarrassingly mushy pick up lines all over the side of Jimin's, 'for use on hyung', and the brunette finds he can't even look at his own drink without turning red."...But?" He encourages the older gently, tilting his head to try and see under Yoongi's bangs. He's got his beanie on again, the woolly one he had when they first met, and though Jimin think he looks really cute in it, it doesn't make it any easier to see his face."... But... they're gonna put me up in a little apartment somewhere... nothing fancy, just as long as I'm not 'on the street'," he finishes with a half-hearted air quote, glancing up from his latte to look the barista in the eye.Jimin can't help but beam at him, the smile reaching his crescent eyes. "Really!? That's great! Well, not great great, but at least they're not completely out, right? That means there's still a chance!""I suppose," he replies, but Jimin's excitement rubs off on him, and he can feel his cheeks slowly matching his hair colour. "I can at least graduate high school, and then figure out what to do from there."Ah, high school. The thought puts a small downer on the freshman's mood as he hums in acknowledgement, but he tries not to let it show. Of course. Yoongi is a senior, two years older than him, and will be graduating when the spring comes again, probably going away to university, or moving back home to Daegu, or-"Jimin?"He's interrupted by his voice - low, velvety, the hint of an accent that differentiates him from everyone else. And when he looks up, the rapper is staring back into his drink, shuffling in his seat, everything the opposite of what he intended his image to be - but Jimin thinks it's the best thing he's ever seen."I'm not good with words, unless it's within music," he starts quietly. "You've really helped me out... I think, if it wasn't for you, this probably would have been put off for much much longer than it should have been, and I honestly don't think I'd be able cope if it got to that point. I guess, uh, I mean... what I'm trying to say, is... thank you."By the end, he's looking at his feet, down at the Converse that, really, don't annoy him much at all. It's been a problem throughout his life that he never talks about his feelings, or what he thinks or wants, burying it all under an ego he refused to bruise. But the steps he's taken so far have been the complete opposite of his lifestyle, and he figures, now that he's broken the majority he might as well break one more. Though his Converse were tight, a bitch to get off his feet and a little rough around the edges, they have a soft spot deep within his heart. And Jimin... well...Maybe Jimin isn't as bad as he once thought he was too.During his pause, the barista almost thinks he's finished, but he shakes his head, looking up to meet his eyes properly for the first time since the start of the meeting."Park Jimin," he says, his cheeks pink, because Min Yoongi is definitely not used to saying these words, and in all honesty probably won't ever say them all too often, but that only makes it more special. "I think I like you."And suddenly Jimin can't think, he can't hear, and all he can see is pink and the cuteness of this boy in front of him and though everything is not quite perfect, it's almost there."Hyung," he replies. "I think I like you too."  
(98)
He's finishing up his late shift when the message comes through, chairs stacked up onto table, lights turned off save for the one right above the counter. He's standing by the staff room door, waiting for Seokjin to come out so they can go home, and he is smiling like everything is right in the world, because for him, everything is. And soon, he hopes, everything will be alright for Yoongi too, and he can't wait for that day to come.
Yoongi-hyung:
You busy on Wednesday?
  (100)  
 The afternoon of his first date with Yoongi is warm. Not uncomfortably - he isn’t sweating, though that may be due to the loose white wifebeater and smokey grey shorts he's wearing. No, it's the kind of warm that tingles in his cheeks, shakes his hands, and flutters his heart enough that he has to tell himself to ‘calm the hell down before he sees you, Park Jimin.’He's sitting in the park, fidgeting with hands, reflecting on the past few months. Because in reality, it hasn't been that long, though in his head he feels like he's known the pink haired boy for much longer. When he first laid eyes on him, all fluffy and pouty with that cute woolly beanie pulled on his head, he never thought in any universe ever there would be an outcome like this. Compared to the sunshine incarnate that is Jimin, the older boy is too grumpy and mature, but somehow - just somehow - the two of them click. He doesn't know how, but he's not going to question it - all he knows is that the senior looks cute when he's flustered, and Jimin has a really good knack for making him so."Jimin, you're here."His voice brings him out of his thoughts, and he looks up with his signature smile, which Yoongi may or may not think is the cutest thing in the world. "Hyung!"Faded blue jeans, oversized white tee and a black snapback, Yoongi looks really good. So good, that Jimin immediately blushes, and it's all he can do to mumble his thoughts out as the senior's face begins to mimic his own."Th-Thank you," he mutters, looking away in embarrassment. "You... you too."He can feel his heart soar, and he feels so cheesy, so hopelessly romantic, but he doesn't care. Instead, he stands up from the bench, and riding the adrenaline from his happiness, he offers out his hand. "Shall we?"Yoongi looks at him - really looks at him - and then, for the first time in 100 days, he begins to smile like he means it, slipping his slim fingers in between the barista's short ones. "... Sure." It's been 100 days of knowing Min Suga. And now, Jimin can't wait to know Min Yoongi.  
(1)
It’s three minutes to closing when the Man comes in.“Ayo,” the Man says, snapping off his regular sharp salute. Keith rolls his eyes and continues wiping down the counter. “What’s bangin’?”“You say shit like that every time expecting I’ll understand,” Keith says. “What’s even the point.”The Man gives him a shrug. “I have hope,” he says confidently. “One day. One day.”Keith shoots him a doubtful look, but says nothing else on the topic. He chucks the rag under the counter with the rest of the Other Strange Miscellaneous Items and wipes his hands on his apron. “Alright, what do you want?”The Man pouts.Keith sighs and tries again, “What would you like?”And the pout is replaced by pleased smile, cheeks dimpling at the corners. “Medium iced espresso,” he requests. “Today’s name… hm. The Dark Knight.”Keith pins him with a flat look. “What.”“Hey, the movie was really good, okay?”Keith waves it aside. It’s not the weirdest of the names the Man has given him. “Not that. It’s December. And almost 9 PM. You sure you want an iced espresso?”“Please,” the Man says, shooting him dual finger guns. He pulls on imaginary sunglasses and looks out the window. “You see, I love to die.”Keith stares blankly at him.The Man’s finger guns falter, and he tucks his hands back into his pocket. “One day,” he sighs.Keith rolls his eyes again and takes the clear cup out, begrudgingly scrawling ‘The Dark Knight’ on the side. He whips up the espresso in no time and slides it against the counter. “Two-fifty, please.”The man slides five against the counter and winks at him. “Keep the change, buddy.”Keith’s eyebrows knit together but he puts the five in, places two-fifty in the tip jar.“Enjoy the rest of your evening, Keith,” the Man says, waving.“You too,” Keith calls. The door chimes closed.Keith glances at his watch. Nine, on the dot.And that’s that.**He’s not exactly sure when the Man started coming in. He remembers it was sometime during summer, on one of those cool nights where Keith liked to keep the door propped open to let the breeze in (even though his manager scolded him for letting in flies). And although the day or month escapes him, the next part he knows clearly.The first time the Man ever appeared, it was three minutes to closing, back when their closing times were earlier and they stopped taking in customers at eight instead of nine. The Man, for whatever reason, came in a Hawaiian shirt in the most disgusting shade of green that ever existed and cargo shorts to match, all smooth brown skin and gleaming blue eyes.“Ayo,” he had said, snapping off the first salute that started an apparent tradition. “What’s hangin’?”Keith tilted his head. “Hangin’?”He wasn’t sure if it was the soft lighting of the shop that made it seem like a flush dotted his cheeks.“Never mind,” the Man said. “Can I get a hot latte? Large?”Keith carefully kept the surprise from his face. “Name?” he asked, though it wasn’t particularly necessary considering he was the only other person in the shop.He hummed. “The Man,” he said.This time, Keith couldn’t leave his face blank. “The Man?”“The Man,” the Man confirmed.Keith shrugged. Well, alright.After having to make a no-whip skinny white mocha with three pumps of caramel and sugar-free vanilla swirl just hours earlier, a hot latte was a piece of cake. He placed the cup on the counter. “Four-seventy.”The Man slid a five across the counter. “There you go. Keep the change.”He shot finger guns on his way out. Keith glanced at the clock. Eight o’clock sharp.The door chimed closed.And that was the beginning.***One day, his coworker Pidge asks him how he gets so many tips on his shift.“I have ten bucks saying that you secretly run a fighting ring,” she whispers to him conspiratorially. “But James—you know James—he says you’re a mafia boss and sometimes you order your underlings to come in and make you look good on your day job. Twenty. And Shiro…” Pidge wrinkles her nose. “He says you just give good customer service.” Then she grins. “Exactly two quarters.”Keith’s a little offended at that. “Two quarters?”“Yup.”“I give fantastic fucking customer service,” Keith snaps, glowering at the mop in his hands. “But you guys bet on me?”Pidge shrugs. “We live quiet, vaguely unexciting lives with equally unexciting jobs in an equally unexciting town. What else are we supposed to do?”“Live out your unexciting lives in unexcitement like the rest of us?"“Well, why would we do that?”Keith sighs and continues mopping the floor. Pidge jumps to sit on the counter and swings her legs. “Anyway, your secret?”Keith tries ignoring her and when she just kicks him in the hip instead, he lets out another sigh and sets the mop down. “I just... I just have a guy,” he says.“A guy?”“A guy. Who, uh, comes in. Three minutes before closing.”“Really.”“Yeah. He likes to shoot finger guns and say really weird stuff.”“Like what?”“Like…” Keith raises his voice a little. “‘Ayo, what’s slangin’?’” He drops his voice again and ignores both the flush spreading across his cheeks and Pidge’s loud cackle. “Or something. I never get what he’s saying.”“Oh, that’s hilarious,” Pidge says. “So what, he only comes in on your shift?”“I don’t know. Maybe.”“What’s his name? I might’ve served him.”Keith’s flush goes deeper, and he bites his lip before eventually saying, “The Man.”Pidge chokes. “The–the Man?”Keith nods and stares at the ground, face on fire.“So you don’t know his name,” Pidge says slowly. “And he says meme-y things. And he always comes in three minutes before closing, and—”“Always leaves on the dot,” Keith adds. “And uh, he never orders the same thing twice in a row.”Pidge’s face is blank. “A customer who leaves at nine on the dot and never orders the same thing twice in a row,” she repeats. She opens her mouth, closes it, and taps at the screen of her tablet, hopping off the counter. “I’ll just tell everyone I didn’t get the answer out of you.”“Pidge,” Keith protests. “I mean it.”“And I think you have a cryptid customer,” Pidge says, before disappearing in the back.Keith hides his red face in his hands.***The billionth time the Man comes in, Keith doesn’t wait for his salute or weird greeting. Instead, as soon as it hits 8:57 and the door chimes, Keith’s head darts up, and he blurts out, “My friend thinks you’re a cryptid.”The Man’s hand wavers, and he drops his arm along with his jaw. “Cryptid?”“Cryptid,” Keith says uncomfortably. “Um, she asked why I was getting so many tips, and I said you came in three minutes before closing and left on the dot and never ordered the same thing twice in a row, but then she said she might’ve had you on her shift before and asked what your name was, but then I realized, like, I don’t know what your name is since you—since you, uh, never gave me it? So I’ve been calling you the Man in my head since the first time you came in, and it was stupid when I said it aloud to her, and now—” Keith cuts himself off and inhales.The Man’s eyes are wide.Keith feels himself flushing. “So uh, yeah,” he finishes awkwardly, eyes falling to the floor. “Cryptid.”A long pause.Then: “Fuck.”Keith looks up. This time, it’s not just his imagination. He Man’s cheeks are most definitely red. “You,” he starts, then trails off, groaning. “God. You’re like… really cute.”Keith freezes. Turns to face the Man slowly. “Me?”The Man nods, still flushing. “Yup,” he says. “You.”Keith’s ears are buzzing. “Oh,” he says.The Man swallows visibly and hesitates before taking a step closer to the counter. “Um, so, my name isn’t actually the Man or the Dark Knight or Braylon or Ezequiel or Xzavier with an ‘x’ and a ‘z’. I mean, initially, I just said the Man because I was kinda buzzed the first time I came in and I have like, zero impulse control, Hunk says so all the time. And I don’t know why, but for some reason I like to come in after watching rom-coms, so I just finished watching She’s the Man, right? And so first thing in my head was the Man, and there it was. Couldn’t take it back without feeling stupid. And Hunk’s smart but sometimes he has dumb ideas so when I felt too embarrassed to come in here again, he suggested I just do every stupid thing I did the first time, like it was just some weird quirk.”The Man breathes in. “So I just… did it again.”“And again,” Keith says.“And again,” the Man repeats. He rubs an embarrassed hand against his face. “Oh, man, this is humiliating. So my name—it’s actually Lance. And I’m not a cryptid. I exist in daylight too.”Keith can’t restrain his smile. “Lance?”Lance starts and straightens. “Yeah?”“Just wanted to test if it worked,” Keith says. Lance snorts. “And another thing, Lance?”“Yeah?”Keith forces the words out of his unwilling mouth, not about to let nerves ruin this for him: “How’re my chances of getting you coffee without serving it to you?”Lance’s mouth falls open. Keith waits patiently even with the heat in his cheeks.A quiet squeak escapes Lance. “I… With me?”“With you,” says Keith.“Oh,” says Lance. “I, uh… high chance. Very high chance.”“Okay,” Keith says. “Nine tomorrow? That’s when my shift ends.”Lance gives him a bright grin. “Yeah,” he says. “I know. Sounds good, Keith.”“Sounds good, Lance,” Keith replies, with a matching grin.Lance returns it and waves before escaping the shop.The door chimes closed.And that's the real beginning.According to Cosette, the café is only a few blocks away from his internship at the embassy. According to Cosette, the coffee is fair trade, and the to-go cups are recycled, and her boss is really nice. According to Cosette all of the business protocols and hiring practices are entirely nondiscriminatory.  Apparently ‘nondiscriminatory’ actually means ‘hot as fuck.’Apparently, nondiscriminatory hiring practices mean that they only hire ruggedly beautiful men with messes of black hair and the biggest blue eyes that Enjolras has ever seen. Apparently, it means they only hire a barista who has broad shoulders and exquisite, muscled forearms and purple and green grape leaves growing up his wrists. Apparently, he’s staring and his eyes can’t decide what to focus on, whether it’s the tattoos, or the two days worth of stubble, or the – is that chest hair hinted at just under his collarbone?  Apparently, Enjolras has a very specific type. His eyes track up his body and Enjolras can’t think for the shock that sight of the undone buttons at the top of his shirt. Is three indecent, even if he’s wearing V-neck underneath? Enjolras wants to drag him away and undo the remaining buttons with his teeth. The man’s eyes are crinkling at the corners as he smiles at the girl in front, handing her a cappuccino with an elaborate milk foam oak leaf, and then the eyes are on Enjolras. It feels like jumping out of the plane when Courfeyrac persuaded him to go skydiving for his last birthday. “Hi.” Enjolras is dying. “What would you like?” His voice is soft and a little scratchy and it makes Enjolras want to sink his hands into the mass of black curls and show him what he wants. “Just . . . a latte . . . please.” Everything, anything, you. Dimly, Enjolras realizes that maybe he’s having rather a strong reaction. Enjolras realizes that maybe he should chill out and calm down, but then Coffee Man is back and as he hands Enjolras his change and his drink, he smiles at him. Enjolras smiles back and maybe doesn’t stop for another forty-five minutes. *The next time he comes in, Gorgeous Man is nowhere in sight and Cosette is working, which is probably a good thing, because Enjolras has actual work to do, and it’s hard to form an argument while drooling. When there’s a lull in the customers, and everything’s clean, Cosette comes over to where he’s furiously typing a paper with a refill.“So what do you think so far? Better than Starbucks?”“So much better, I’m sorry it took me so long to come in.” Cosette waves his apology away and pats him on the arm. “I promise, Dearest Sister, I’ll never go anywhere else.” For more reasons than just the coffee, well, for one reason, he thinks. They talk about the shop a bit. Apparently there’s a knitting circle and a book club that meet there regularly, and then Cosette says that one of the other baristas, one who’s not working that day, bakes pastries for the shop. “We ran out early today, but the next time you have to have one of his scones. R makes some with a lavender glaze; I thought I was dying the first time I had one.”Enjolras pauses mid-sip of his coffee. “I, ah, I came in once before, but you weren’t here. There was a guy, with . . . with blue eyes.”He barely needs to finish. “Did he have grape vine tattoos? That’s my R.” The affection in her voice makes it sound like she’s talking about a mystery brother he’s never met. “He showed me how to work the espresso machine without making me feel like an idiot. He’s really great.” Enjolras nods slowly. “ . . . Your R?” He desperately hopes the possessive pronoun means nothing, but it wouldn’t be the first time he fails to notice that she’s gotten a boyfriend.“Not my R,” she says with a laugh “not like that at least. Actually, he just helped me pick out an outfit for a date with one of Courfeyrac’s friends.” “Oh, right. I, ah, thought you might be together for a moment.”Cosette pauses in a way that makes Enjolras feel nervous without knowing why exactly. “He did say something about a godlike blonde visionary that came in.” She’s smiling, and definitely in a way that means she might want to torture Enjolras just a little bit. It’s the same smile she had when they were children and she knew what Enjolras was getting for his birthday and refused to tell “I asked him how his day was and he said one of Michelangelo’s angels had escaped the Vatican and come to make a believer out of him.” Enjolras isn’t blushing; he’s not. “He waxed very poetically.” At that moment a couple comes in and Cosette gets up to take care of them. Before she leaves, she pats Enjolras, still gaping at her, on the head, like he’s a puppy who hasn’t learned how to go down stairs yet. “His next shift is Friday afternoon.” *Enjolras goes to the café again on Friday afternoon, and again a few days later, and very soon it becomes too familiar a place. If he does plan most of his visits for when R is working, not-too subtly inquiring about his schedule from Cosette, then it blends into him dropping in even when his favorite barista has a day off. It’s quiet and sprawling in a way that creates a plethora of secluded corners to work in, and even though the all of the furniture is mismatched, none of the tables wobble, and even the most uncomfortable wooden chair doesn’t make his back ache. It’s often full, but seldom loud, and even though Enjolras loves the Musain and the Corinthe, he finds a welcome little haven in the café.  R’s scones are, in fact, to die for, and Enjolras ends up trying one of everything he makes. Enjolras isn’t normally shy, but he hasn’t had an actual crush on anyone since grad school, and now he can hardly speak to Grantaire without blushing, so it’s mostly Grantaire who moves them into friend-territory, since Enjolras has become a huge chicken. It’s a Wednesday and Enjolras is actually frustrated over a presentation he has to do, when R slips up to his table quietly. It’s a testament to his stress levels that Enjolras doesn’t notice until he feels a warm hand prying his fingers off of his empty cup. He looks from the cup to Enjolras, and, Christ, Enjolras hopes he isn’t blushing too obviously because R just touched him, oh god. “Well, that won’t do at all.” R murmurs, and walks back to the counter. Enjolras just stares mutely at him, and then looks away when R catches his gaze and smirks at him. He doesn’t look up again until R is across from his little table with a full cup of coffee and very generous piece of tiramisu on a chipped china plate. “On the house.” He says. “You look like you need it.” “But..” “Enjolras, you come in here all the time.” He paused. “Can I call you Enjolras? Sorry, that’s so awkward, it’s just Cosette sort of indirectly introduced you, and…” He’s fidgeting just a little, gripping the back of the chair he’s standing in front of and then holds out his hand. “You can call me R. Everyone does.” Enjolras shakes his hand, is proud that his palm is dry. “Enjolras, I mean, you know, and yeah, it’s fine, great, she, Cosette, she did the same thing to me.”“Anyway, don’t worry about it.” R nudges the plate across the table. “Just tell me if it’s good or not.” The “or not” is not an option. Enjolras has been there for four hours, and has heard at least ten people pay compliments to R about the tiramisu. Even if they hadn’t, Enjolras has tried, five varieties of scone, two Danishes, three cookies, and one pie of R’s craft: there’s no way R could bake anything that tasted less than amazing. He picks up the fork and takes a bite. “Well?” R actually looks a little nervous, and it’s more adorable than witnessing Marius ask Cosette on a second date (five minutes of stammering). The idea that R might actually care about what he’s about to say gets tucked in the back of his mind for later. “I think,” Enjolras says very seriously. “I would give up every sexual experience I’ve ever had for this.” And he means it. The laugh that rips from R’s mouth is a sound Enjolras wants to hear for the rest of his life. Preferably while eating the tiramisu, but he’d be willing to bargain. *They start to talk after that, beyond coffee orders. Enjolras will stay at the counter for longer than necessary when he goes up for a refill, or take breaks from his work to chat while R wipes down empty tables nearby. (There always seem to be a remarkable amount of tables around Enjolras that need cleaning, and many that involve R leaning quite far over the surface. Enjolras tries very hard, though not too hard, to not imagine bending him over one of the tables in an entirely different context. Or being bent over himself.) He learns that R bartends in a few upper crust bars at night, that he used to be an art student, that he dances, and boxes, and reads voraciously. He’s a bit of a sommelier, but drinks far less than he used to. They have no less than five close friends in common, and R is loyal to them with a ferocity that makes Enjolras’s chest tingle in a way that’s a little new. The more he learns, the more he wants to know. R argues back, and Enjolras finds his mind more stimulated by an opposing viewpoint than he has in years, ever since he still lived with his parents, but now it challenges him and makes him mentally jump higher and faster. R listens quietly one empty night in the café when the story tumbles out of Enjolras unplanned about how his parents handed him a colossal check with “for university” written in the subject line and told him he had an hour to get his things out of the house. R tells him about his mother putting herself between him and his father’s rage, and how he stopped his heavy drinking when she finally left.  *Months pass, seasons change, and he is put through a host of small, wonderful tortures at the café. The first happens innocently enough in November. R enters a bet with Bahorel and Joly, and Enjolras watches his five-o-clock shadow grow to stubble and then to an outright beard over the month. He’s never thought about facial hair as something sexy before, but he starts to think about it a lot more (and a lot about the burn it could leave on his neck and on the insides of his thighs, but he is resolutely not thinking about that). When Enjolras tries, and fails, to off-handedly tell him that it might, possibly be a good look, R winks obscenely at him. He does shave, months later in March, but it’s done in several stages over a week, accompanied by hilarious pictures of muttonchops, a goatee, and several different mustaches. The mustaches are accompanied by lewd poses and one-liners Enjolras suspects he stole from the porn industry circa the 1970’s.*One day he gets caught in the pouring rain coming to the café, and arrives sneezing and dripping like he went swimming with his clothes on. R actually fusses over him. He is given a towel to dry his hair, and made to sit in the comfiest chair in the café with the biggest mug of tea that he’s ever seen. He’s in the middle of protesting that really, he’s fine, it’s not even that cold out, when R ducks into the back room and comes out with a pilled, much loved sweater. “It’s clean, I promise.” R says. “You’ll get sick if you stay in yours any longer, it’s soaked through. You can borrow mine, and we’ll put yours over the radiator in the break room to dry.” “What about you?” “Don’t worry, there’s a huge batch of muffins baking and the kitchen is super hot. I’ll be fine.” He holds the sweater out, and Enjolras’ further protests are silenced by a pitiful sneeze. After that he tries not to strip out of his wet one too eagerly, though he can’t manage to feign reluctance. He pulls on R’s and can’t hold back a sigh of relief at how much warmer he suddenly feels. “There.” R says, smiling. “I’ll be back with some soup. You keep too busy of a schedule to get sick.” Enjolras drinks the tea and the soup and is warmed by the sweater and the little thoughts in his head that keep whispering to him R knows his schedule. *Enjolras gets his turn to fuss the next week when R comes in a half hour late for his shift with a black eye, a split lip, and severely bruised knuckles on both hands. “I’m okay, really.” He says as Enjolras inspects his hands, his wonderful, talented hands that are now blue and purple. “I told you, I was having a simple discussion with my friend’s ex-boyfriend and I let the time get away from me.” “Is this how all your discussions go? Christ, R . . .” Cosette appears with the first aid kit and an ice pack in the form of a bag of frozen blueberries. “Enjolras, could you make sure my dear coworker is okay while I take care of the front?” She says it through gritted teeth and gives R a glare that is fueled by nothing but love. Enjolras nods and opens a packet of antiseptic wipes. “Is this a habit of yours? Having discussions?” “Only when they’re necessary.” R smiles ruefully and let’s Enjolras dab at a cut on his right hand over his first and second knuckles. “Let me know if your boyfriend ever needs something explained to him.” He says, the softness of his voice masked in wry humor. “Or rather, leave some of him for me. I have no doubt you’d verbally eviscerate him before I had the chance to kick his ass.” Enjolras prides himself on taking care of his bullshit himself, at being independent, but the thought of R defending his honor warms something in his chest. “I don’t have a boyfriend.” He says, taking the ice pack. “Now hold this on your face.”“Bullshit.” “What?”“What do you mean what?”“What?”R is looking at him strangely, or maybe that’s because he probably can’t see very well out of his swelling left eye. “Enjolras, certainly, there is no one on your level, physically or intellectually, but there has to be a line around the block, around the city, to try to take you out to dinner or something. Don’t laugh; I’m in shock right now! Like, not that anyone should subscribe to the belief that another person should fulfill one’s life, because Plato’s theory of circles and halves and whatever is just as bullshit as Hallmark soul mates, but people must be falling all over themselves for a chance to woo you, Apollo.” “That’s . . . they don’t . . . Apollo? Really?” R smirks and then winces at his split lip. R doesn’t appear to be taking the ice pack from him, so Enjolras gingerly holds it against R’s face himself. “Well, if someone ever proves worthy, they can’t treat you as any less than the god you are. I’ll make sure of that, if you don’t.” Enjolras can feel a tiny smile pulling on his face, and if he doesn’t try as hard as he could to wipe it away, well, R can really only see out of one eye, so he probably won’t notice. “Goat sacrifices and all?” He asks. It makes R burst out laughing and quickly hiss at the pain in his lip, which brings on a new bout of fussing from Enjolras.“Stop laughing!” “Stop making me laugh!”R reaches up and takes the ice pack from Enjolras, briefly covering his hand in his own. “Seriously though.” He says, as if he’s very concerned that Enjolras understand what he’s about to say, and maybe he is. “You deserve . . .” He stops. “Everything.” Enjolras only holds his sudden focus for a few moments, before turning back to the first aid kit to find something for R’s lip, and maybe also to hide his blush. *Two weeks before Christmas, Enjolras is putting the final touches on a term paper when R decides to push most of the tables against the walls (Enjolras is the only one there besides the knitting group on the couches in the very back) and teach Cosette how to waltz. She’s a quick study, particularly with the little background in ballet she had as a child, and after barely twenty minutes of turning around the room, she’s gliding like she was born in a ballroom. Enjolras doesn’t pretend not to watch, Cosette’s face is alight like the Christmas tree in the park, and R moves them with a grace that Enjolras has never seen in him before. He spins Cosette away to release her and strides over to Enjolras, a determined smirk on his face, and Enjolras panics, has a brief fight or flight debate in his head, because he can’t dance to save his life, and he’s about to severely embarrass himself. R just pulls him out of his chair, deaf to the undignified sputters coming from his new partner, puts his hand on Enjolras’s waist and says firmly, “Like this.” Enjolras stumbles. He trips. He knows he has to have stepped on R’s toes several times by now, but R isn’t saying anything, he just keeps counting quietly and directing him on when to turn and how to move. “Stop thinking, Apollo.” He says gently, and Enjolras wants to reply I’m not thinking, you’re just very, very close to me. Then a strange thing happens, and Enjolras stops tripping every step, only trips every other step, and then stops tripping almost entirely. He lets R move him and turn him and just gives up at trying and for some reason that actually seems to help. R moves them a little faster, and Enjolras hears the high scream of anxiety in his chest decrescendo to a quavering note, something that sort of feels like fun. R never takes his eyes off of him and keeps up a steady mantra of, “Just look at me. Don’t look at your feet, you’re doing fine. Look at me; don’t look down. Look at me. Look at me. Look at me.”*Enjolras sees a sweater in the window of a little shop on his way home a few days after the Dancing Incident, made of tightly woven dark green wool, a mix of lamb’s wool and alpaca that will keep out the cold and still be soft. He thinks about R’s tattered sweater that he had reluctantly given back after his own had dried from the rain. He thinks about how it smelled like cloves and the rich, dark tobacco that R used to roll his cigarettes, and how under that there had been the salty-sweet, human scent that was unpleasant on so many other people, but which had made Enjolras want to bury his face in the sweater and never come out. He can’t decide which size would fit R better, so he puts one on. It’s big, made for someone whose shoulders and chest are bigger than his own, with a neckline that comes down just a little too low the way R’s old sweater did. “That one might be a bit large on you, dear.” The shopkeeper says, not unkindly. “It’s not for me.” He says, taking it off and pulling out his wallet. “I think it should be the right size for him though.” He plans to stay late one night and leave it on the counter for R to find when he cleans up, which is precisely what he does, but he’s halfway down the block when he realizes that in his careful timing of when R went in and out of the back room – he left his keys on his table. He had taken them out of his pocket while he was studying so he could sit more comfortably and left them sitting on the table as he slipped out. He’s 90% through a text to Combeferre asking if he can stay at his place for the night, before he’s able to talk himself into not being such a baby. The sign has been flipped to “Closed” but the door is still unlocked when Enjolras pushes the door open again. Really, he couldn’t have done worse if he had planned it. R is standing at the counter, running his hand over the sweater, tissue paper wrapping laid open, and a very dumbstruck look on his face. When he looks up, Enjolras panics. “I just, um.” He walks stiffly to the table and grabs the keys from where they’re still sitting, preparing to run back out the shop as fast as he can. “Enjolras.” R is holding up the sweater, looking from it to him. Enjolras has dreadfully crossed some line, or several, or all of them. He’s going to be heartbroken and he’s going to have to go back to Starbucks. “Merry Christmas.” He is going to pretend his voice doesn’t crack. He pretends he doesn’t feel embarrassed enough to die. R runs his hand over the wool again, and then he’s pulling his hoodie off and putting the sweater on over his thin t-shirt. Enjolras feels a little bit of his sanity come back to him, because, even if he’s ruined their friendship, the sweater fits R like it was made for him alone. “Enjolras.” R is saying his name again. “It’s . . . it’s wonderful! This…this is beautiful! I don’t know what to say!” His face transforms into one of soft awe, happiness and surprise, and it’s the most wonderful thing Enjolras has ever seen. “You didn’t have to, it must have cost a fortune, and – and I don’t have anything for you – I’m so-” “Your name.” Enjolras blurts out. “I . . . I know everyone calls you R, but . . . I don’t actually know your name.” R smiles like it’s more a present to give Enjolras his name than receive his sweater. “It’s Grantaire.”“Grantaire.” Enjolras repeats with a smile. *Enjolras and Cosette have a quiet little Christmas with their grandparents before heading back to the city just in time for the New Year. Joly, Bossuet, and Musichetta have a New Years Eve party for all their friends and Grantaire comes straight from his other job, bartending at a semi-fancy tequila bar, in well tailored black slacks and a black dress shirt that Enjolras wants to simultaneously smooth his hands over appreciatively and rip off. He resolves to drink instead. An hour before midnight, fairly drunk already, he trips over absolutely nothing coming out of the kitchen. His stomach lurches in the way it does when he realizes his powerlessness and the inevitability of the fall, and accepts he will definitely make a fool of himself. Only the fall never happens. Without warning, an arm catches him around the waist and then Grantaire is holding him tightly against his chest and there is almost no distance between their faces. Enjolras feels every molecule of air leave his lungs and every inch of his body now plastered against Grantaire spontaneously combust. “You okay?” Grantaire asks. No, Enjolras is not okay, because if his head wasn’t already buzzing from the champagne, it is now from how close Grantaire’s face is, how blue his eyes are, and how much Enjolras wants to kiss every inch of his horrible, beautiful face. His hands have fallen right against his chest, and the skin underneath his shirt is muscled and warm, and everything about this is intoxicating. He needs to move his hands off of Grantaire’s chest, anywhere else will be better for his sanity and so moves to grip Grantaire’s shoulders. This is a horrible idea. Grantaire’s shoulders are hard with muscle from boxing, and Enjolras very much wants Grantaire to throw him over one broad shoulder and carry him off like a Viking war prize. He feels the arm around his waist tighten, Grantaire’s arm, oh god, Grantaire’s arm is around his waist, feels the press of his palm against his back and how he fits right there against his body. “Yeah.” He says hoarsely. “Just . . . need some air.” The arm around his waist doesn’t loosen. Maybe it’s the wine, but he swears Grantaire’s eyes flick down to his mouth for a split second. Then he lets go and Enjolras is running outside to take huge gulps of cold air and regain some semblance of control over himself. When they count down, R is nowhere to be found. Enjolras stands sandwiched between Courfeyrac and Cosette as the numbers diminish, and feels unhinged, unsure where to turn. Then, as people kiss and cheer and sing, the crowd of his friends parts, and Grantaire’s eyes are burning into him from across the room. Cosette turns to kiss Marius, and Courfeyrac turns to grasp two fistfuls Combeferre’s shirt, and Enjolras is willingly caught in Grantaire’s gaze. He raises his glass to Enjolras, and downs it in one go. Enjolras wants to teleport across the room and wrap him in his arms, and do something to make the sad twist of R’s smile into the happy one from the Sweater Night, but then the dancing starts back up and he loses sight of Grantaire. Enjolras starts the New Year with the worst hangover he’s ever had and the realization that the fireworks of his crush have burned to a steady furnace that he doesn’t quite know how to label.*On Valentines Day, Enjolras’s cappuccino has a heart swirling in the milk foam, and he blushes whenever he takes a sip, and whenever he looks at Grantaire, and whenever Grantaire looks at him. He is essentially blushing the whole afternoon. It’s busy, very busy, so they don’t talk as much, but he gives a little gasp of delight when Grantaire replaces his empty mug with a plate of pink macaroons. The café only gets busier, which makes sense since it’s gotten several good reviews. Customers flirt with Grantaire throughout the afternoon, most of it harmless, but some.... Enjolras knows because he is sitting near the counter and can hear and see every line they pull, and every time his favorite barista laughs and plays along. It makes him want to set things on fire. He’s glowering at his laptop when Grantaire takes advantage of a rare lull and collapses into the empty chair across from him. “I hope Cosette get’s here soon. I can’t handle all these people.”“Gotten too many numbers, have you?” His voice is sharper than he intends it to be.“What?”“You seem to enjoying the rush quite a lot today.”“What?” Enjolras doesn’t answer, just deletes a few sentences and starts typing away again. He refuses to look up, but out of his periphery he can see Grantaire lean forward like he’s going to say something. Then Cosette is rushing in followed by another whirlwind of couples that want espressos and cookies. He hears Grantaire sigh, and then a hand comes out and takes his empty plate and disappears. His regret is immediate and intense. Enjolras’s stomach sinks out of his body to the floor, when he realizes he never thanked Grantaire for the macaroons. His grandmother used to make them before her arthritis made it too difficult, and he hadn’t tasted any as good as hers until R’s. He looks up and watches Grantaire, hoping against hope that the rush dissipates quickly so he can apologize. R is mid coffee pour and telling the customer the total at the same time. He’s biting his lip a little, like he does when he wants a cigarette but doesn’t have time for one. Then he’s turning around and starting an unnecessarily complicated order for a couple, something involving artificial sweetener and no soy, and he gives them a smile that’s absolutely genuine, and tells them he has a friend with a soy allergy, really it’s no problem. He hasn’t even finished his sentence and Cosette is emerging from the back room and apologizing profusely, looking genuinely upset that she’s even five minutes late, and Grantaire just wraps an arm around her, kisses her on the cheek, and wishes her a happy Valentines Day while frothing milk with one hand. Then the next order is coming in, and the next and the next. Enjolras slowly starts to feel as though his stomach has returned to his body, but only because he feels sick. Grantaire has been going nonstop all day, is probably exhausted and frustrated at the unusual rush, and he just spent the few seconds of free time he had so that Enjolras could snap at him for a jealousy that isn’t his fault in the first place. Enjolras was an asshole because he couldn’t admit that he’s been jealous all day. And there it is, the admission that’s come too late. He likes Grantaire, really likes him, quite a bit more than he expected to from his initial crush. He’s so jealous of all these people that keep flirting with Grantaire, jealous that he’s laughing with them and playing along, and jealous that these complete strangers have enough courage to flirt with him, and to let him know that they think he’s attractive when Enjolras hasn’t had the nerve to make his affection known when he’s had months to do so. There’s a distinct possibility that he might throw up. Grantaire is just sprinkling cocoa powder on the top of a concoction of whipped cream and white chocolate when Enjolras hears Cosette’s not so hushed whisper. “What do you mean you haven’t had time for lunch? You’ve been here since seven in the morning!” “It’s fine, I had a scone just a bit ago.” “You should have told me, I would have brought you something! You can’t run on an empty tank on a day like this!”“Cosette, it’s fine, look, there’s another group coming! Really! Don’t worry! I’ve done far worse to my body, believe me.” Enjolras has saved his work, shut his laptop, and is out the door into the awful February weather before he can tell them he’ll be right back. It’s twenty minutes until he pushes it open again. Grantaire’s back is turned, making a double espresso for the woman standing off to the side of the counter on her phone. “He’s back!” Cosette sings softly, pushing Grantaire away from the machine. “Told you so!” “Enjolras?” Grantaire’s face is suspicion masked by surprise. “I thought you left . . .” He trails off as Enjolras extricates the bag he stowed under his coat. It’s the Thursday pad Thai special from the little old couple-owned closet of a take out place down the street that Grantaire likes. He had kept it under his coat so the walk back wouldn’t cool it down. “I’m sorry.” He starts awkwardly. “I was an asshole. It wasn’t your fault.” Enjolras had thought about saying, “it had nothing to do with you” but that wouldn’t have been the truth. “I shouldn’t have been so judgmental and irritated, especially when you’ve had such a hard day. I, uh,” he pushes the box across the counter, knowing that it’s not enough to excuse his behavior to himself, but maybe Grantaire might consider forgiving him now. “I heard you tell Cosette you hadn’t eaten yet, and I wanted to make it up to you.” As if on cue, a pitiful rumble comes from Grantaire’s stomach, but he’s looking at Enjolras and his smile is only a little hesitant. “Thanks.”Cosette appears from behind Grantaire, holding the woman’s now finished drink. “Both of you go and sit down. I saved the table Enjolras was at because while some people had doubts, I had more faith.” “Cosette, the people –““The people will not die and never come back because they had to wait in line for five minutes. Go and eat the food that my stupid brother brought for you.” The two obediently sit down. Enjolras tells Grantaire how much he liked his macaroons, tells him about his grandmother’s cursing in French over the cookies, and then listens to Grantaire talk about almond flour and egg whites for twenty-five minutes. When he finally does go back to work, Cosette comes over to wipe down the neighboring table. “Could you two be a little more obvious?” She hisses. “I don’t think the entire country knows that you’re pining.”“Cossette . . .” and then Enjolras pauses. He glances toward the counter to make sure Grantaire is deep in the territory of milk frothing and won’t be able to hear him. “Cosette, I really like him.” “Yeah, I know,” She smiles kindly at him. “It’s sort of adorable and painful to watch. When will you guys be official?”“I don’t know . . . I don’t know if he likes me back.” The supportive smile drops off of Cosette’s face like he personally slapped it off. “Jesus Christ.” *March arrives gray and wet and just as cold as February, which means the café is warm and bright. Grantaire has concocted a dense tray of something involving figs and pistachios, and has taken to brushing away Enjolras’s protests of his free drinks with bad one-liners and excessive winking. Enjolras has gotten better at not blushing quite so much, provided he isn’t counting when their hands accidentally touch around a coffee cup, or when Grantaire touches his arm as he leaves, or the time Grantaire got bored and braided his hair. He tells Grantaire about his classes, about his internship, what he’s reading, and they argue sometimes, Grantaire tells him stories about customers, about his art, about music he listened to while baking the night before. Grantaire is finishing an order for a woman, and Enjolras is looking up from his laptop to give his eyes a break when he notices the change. “Grantaire,” he says as Grantaire wipes down the counter “did you guys change the paintings?” “Yeah, this morning. I wanted to change them all out at the same time, and I didn’t finish two until last night. They’re all sort of inspired by my friends, not really a portfolio, but they go together so I wanted to have the whole thing at once.”“Wait, you made these?” Enjolras knows about R’s art, about his art school career, and has heard most of his rants about the art world and modern art and painting. Grantaire told him that some of his things sometimes get hung around the shop, when Enjolras had pressed, he’d only said that he’d been working on something and that he’d show him as soon as it was done. Grantaire is shrugging as Enjolras connects the dots, but he can tell Grantaire’s real nonchalance from his feigned nonchalance. “Tell me about them.”“Don’t you have . . .”“I can take a break. I mean, if you have time . . . “ “Yeah.” Grantaire’s smile reaches his whole face even though it’s only quirked half of his mouth upwards. They start by the door and work around the café, and Grantaire tells him about each one: who it’s for “My friend, Eponine, just went through a bunch of shit with a guy, and I wanted to show all the colors she makes me think of when she’s happy”, what he used “I got stuck on this one because I couldn’t find the right shades of blue”, how long it took “Fucking bitch, this one was.”The second to last one is an explosion of reds; brick, scarlet, flame, garnet, crimson, licking the canvas and swirling in on one another. “I like this one.” He doesn’t know why exactly, but he does. Grantaire doesn’t say anything; he had kept up a steady stream of commentary with all the others. “Tell me about this one.”  Grantaire sighs like he’s been holding his breath. “I, um, this is one of the ones I finished last night. It took awhile; I sort of ran out of red halfway, which is probably not surprising. It was hard. I . . . I made it for . . . someone. One of the regulars here, actually. I’m a little gone on him.” His voice gets very quiet. “More than a little, really.” It’s like Enjolras is a balloon and someone has pricked him with a pin, he can feel himself deflating slowly and steadily. His jealousy on Valentines Day was nothing; this is a cold, helpless sort of numbness in his chest, and his stomach has dropped out of his body, but he’s going to throw up anyway. He remembers how he thought looking at Grantaire was like skydiving. There’s a metaphor there about making sure you have a parachute before you jump. “Does your regular . . . does he feel the same way?”“I don’t know, I don’t think it’s possible. He’s out of my league, a living, breathing Apollo.” Grantaire’s voice is so quiet, almost shy. Enjolras wishes he could look at him. “And I haven’t told him yet.” “Oh.” It’s when Grantaire uses the nickname, the one Enjolras had thought was for him, was special, that Enjolras realizes the futility of his months long more-than-crush. He wants to cry. He hasn’t cried since he was ten when Cosette fell out of their tree house and broke her arm. Then something brushes against his hand. Enjolras looks down and Grantaire’s fingers are lacing through his, a warm palm pressing against his cool one, he can feel all of Grantaire’s callouses, and his hand fits just right. “Oh.” He does have a parachute; he’s pulling the ripcord; he might be flying. Grantaire actually looks nervous. Enjolras wants to kiss the anxiety away, and his stomach lurches at the thought that maybe he could and Grantaire wouldn’t mind. “If I’m completely misinterpreting this . . .”“You’re not.” He’s reaching out, not sure what he’s going to do. A bell rings somewhere, and it takes a second for Enjolras to realize that it’s the door opening, and then there’s a voice saying “Uh, excuse me?” and there’s a very freckled man standing awkwardly in the café. “Hey, Marius.” Grantaire says slowly. “Hi, R, uh, hi, Enjolras.” Enjolras recognizes Marius, Cosette just introduced him. He hopes he’s got his “I will wreak death upon your unfortunate soul” face on, as Courfeyrac calls it. “Are you looking for Cosette?” Grantaire asks.“Oh, no, she’s having lunch with Eponine. Her birthday is coming up, and I wanted, well, I know you sell your paintings sometimes, and she really loves your work.” “Yeah,” Grantaire is saying, and he turns a little more toward Marius, but he runs his thumb over the back of Enjolras’s hand, like he’s saying, “Please don’t let go.” Enjolras isn’t letting go. “Did you have one in mind?”“Not exactly, I’d love a recommendation. I sort of liked the red one.”“That one’s mine.” Enjolras says it at the same time Grantaire says, “It’s not for sale.” They glance at each other. “I’ve bought it already.”“It’s a gift.”“I’m going to buy it.”“For him. A gift for him.” He turns a bit back to Enjolras. “I painted it for him, so, by all rights, it’s already his.”Marius looks very confused. Only part of Enjolras has pity for him. It’s the part that is still holding Grantaire’s hand. “The yellow one.” Grantaire says, turning back to Marius. “I painted the yellow one on the far wall with her in mind, so I’d recommend that one, but she would probably like the blue one as well.” He looks to Enjolras and squeezes his hand once before letting go and leading Marius back to the painting, talking for a bit, gesticulating, and then finally lifting it off the wall. Enjolras, untethered, sits back down. Grantaire painted the red painting for him. Grantaire will let him have it. Grantaire likes him. He likes Grantaire, and Grantaire likes him back, and they held hands. Grantaire takes the picture to the biggest empty table and wraps it in brown paper. Enjolras can hear him bargaining the price with Marius, and because he’s a wonderful human being, he’s talking Marius down in price, insisting that, since Marius is his friend and purchasing it for his girlfriend who is also his friend, he can’t reasonably take that much money for the painting. They settle on a price that is part money and part wine and fancy cheese to be delivered at a later date. Then Grantaire is walking back to his table, and Enjolras is standing up and Grantaire is biting his lip oh god. “This is going to sound awful,” Grantaire says, “but . . . don’t you have to be at the embassy for your internship in ten minutes?”For a second, Enjolras can’t actually process what he’s said, words like “embassy” and “internship” having fallen out of his vernacular. Then he looks at his watch, and can feel his eyebrows climb up his face. “Oh, shit.” Then he looks up again and Grantaire is biting his lip again, to try to stop himself from smiling. “Oh. Shit.” “Go.” Grantaire says gently, nodding toward the door. “The people aren’t going to make themselves cry.” “That was one time.” Enjolras stops himself, looks down, and looks up again. “Thank you. I really liked hearing about your paintings. I want to hear more later, if you’ll tell me. And thank you, for . . . for not selling the red painting. I really do want to buy it from you.” Grantaire is shaking his head, blushing, beaming, and Enjolras wants to make him do all of those things all the time. “You’re not paying for the damn painting, Enjolras. It was already yours.” He bites his lip again as the words leave his mouth. Enjolras can’t breathe and it feels great. “I can’t take it now. Could I come pick it up later?” And you as well goes unspoken. “I have to leave in an hour. But” He falters, “I could bring it to you. If that’s okay.”“Yes.” Enjolras is already saying before Grantaire backtracks. “That would be fine, that would be great.” “Okay, yeah, great.” The pink is still high on his cheeks and Enjolras wants to kiss everywhere it touches. He stops himself by scribbling his address onto a scrap of paper. “Would eight be-““Great. Eight would be great.” Grantaire walks him to the door, keeps looking at him and Enjolras is realizing how little he can handle it. He opens the door for him, and catches his arm in the same hand that was just holding Enjolras’s hand a matter of minutes ago. He looks down, likes the way Grantaire’s hand looks touching him and then Grantaire is impossibly close. Enjolras’s eyes flutter closed and all the breath leaves his lungs in one exhale, because Grantaire’s lips are pressing softly to the corner of his mouth. He’s flying. He’s falling. He’s freefalling through the blue of Grantaire’s eyes; there’s no parachute, but there’s no ground either.*When the knock echoes through Enjolras’s tiny apartment, he’s in the middle of downward facing dog in his third changed outfit in half an hour. He had taken up yoga with Courfeyrac as a way of relaxing and getting some fitness into his busy schedule, and though it has toned his entire body and made him sore in places he didn’t think possible, it hasn’t done shit to relax his nerves tonight. He nearly runs to the door, only to stop and hyperventilate a little bit. He should wait a few seconds before opening it; he can’t act like he was just waiting around for Grantaire to come, right? He has to be cool. Enjolras gets his breathing under control (he hopes) and decides that Grantaire probably knows him well enough now to know that Enjolras has never been cool, will never be cool, and opens the door. “Hi.”“Hi.”Grantaire has the painting wrapped in brown paper and a shine in his eyes. Enjolras holds the door open for him and there’s a lot of shifting and awkward politeness. “Where would you like it?”“Anywhere. I mean the coffee table is okay. It’s out of direct sunlight, so . . .”“Did you do research on storing paintings?” Grantaire is smirking as he sets it down gently on Enjolras’s second hand coffee table. Enjolras colors. “Yes. I’ve never bought an actual painting before. I wanted to make sure I didn’t do something stupid. Like…put it in direct sunlight.” Grantaire chuckles as he straightens up. He pulls his hat off, the worn gray beanie releasing the mass of curls that he’s let grow so long this past winter. There are a few feet between them, but Enjolras’s stomach is tying itself in knots; they’ve never been alone somewhere as private as his apartment before. “Before we,” Grantaire starts. He’s twisting his fingers in the knit yarn of his hat. “Before anything . . . just before. I’d like to…buy you dinner, if you want, or if you don’t, or if you just want…” he makes a vague sweeping gesture that Enjolras thinks he can still interpret, “or, I don’t know how you feel about dating, or whether you’re even looking for a relationship, or where you want this to go…” “Where do you want it to go?” Enjolras can feel his nervousness ebbing away as he watches Grantaire’s nervousness. “You can’t do that, I asked –”“I want to know what you want, not what you’ll say to tailor your answer to mine.” He swallows the lump in his throat and takes a few steps forward, reaches out and covers Grantaire’s hands with his own. “You might not like my answer.” Grantaire’s looking down at their hands, Enjolras’ thumbs resting on the pulse points on his wrists, and his voice is only a whisper. “I’m a selfish bastard.” “So be selfish.” “Everything.” Enjolras sways forward and kisses him as gently as he can. Grantaire is a deer in the headlights, stock still, and when Enjolras pulls away his eyes flutter open slowly in a daze.“Was that okay? I’m sorry if it wasn’t okay. I just thought maybe…” The sentence is not fully out of his mouth when Grantaire steps definitively into his space, and kisses him. He doesn’t pull away, just frames his face with his hands and keeps kissing him slowly as Enjolras melts into him. He didn’t know kissing could be like this, gentle enough to slow down time but thorough enough to make him tremble and pull Grantaire against him. “Everything sounds good.” He murmurs against Grantaire’s mouth. Grantaire only chuckles and wraps his arms around him properly. “Good.”

It all started with a really slow swing shift.Adrien Agreste, education major and part time barista, was spacing out while writing out the drink of the week (the choice was always left to the mercy of the last worker out the door during this shift, really) when he came back to earth, read his writing on the chalkboard and burst out laughing. Only one of the two patrons crazy enough to be here at almost 11pm on a Thursday turned their head to look at him, but he barely even noticed through his humor.He was so sure that Ladybug would already push him off a rooftop if she knew his civilian identity worked at a café called “Paws Fur Coffee” of all names (the owner is a dog person, but he’ll take it), but his flub on the chalkboard menu just topped it all off.His neat handwriting read back to him: “Chai Noir”.Adrien snorted ungracefully as he fought to breathe. He was thinking about the battle earlier this week, and it must have just auto-completed in his subconscious. He had to leave it. It was just too golden of an opportunity!An idea. His brows shot up. Of course, it could be a dirty chai latte… Espresso and the box carton chai, so it’s easy enough that the morning crew wouldn’t get annoyed at him, and he got to keep the pun!Ladybug would be so done with him, if only she could see this.Adrien kept snickering to himself as he wrote out the description underneath. He even attempted to draw a chibi Chat Noir peeking out from behind the cup. Now if only he could get the hair right. It looked more Super Saiyan than his scattered hairstyle. He turned to look at his reflection in one of the metal shakers on the shelf above the counter-- and promptly lost his footing on the step stool he was on. Adrien barely had the chance to swear before he hit the floor, butt first. The only cat-latteral (heh!) damage was the box of chalk that spilled out half broken next to his head.He heard a chair scrape against the floor. Worried blue eyes peered down at him from over the counter edge, shaded by dark bangs.“A-are you okay?!”Oh right, he fell. “Yeah-ow. Yeah, I’ll be just fine.” He bit back a hiss as he rubbed his back and stood up. “I appreciate you coming to my rescue, though.”Her gaze followed his movements as he stood, brushing himself off. Adrien glanced at the other patron in the building who didn’t even flinch from behind their newspaper.A groan caught his attention and he snapped back up to look at the other – this girl was already seated before his shift started, but the giant mug on her table still was half-full. Her raven hair was tied up in a messy bun and she was dressed comfortably in an oversized pink sweater, leggings, and boots. She probably went to his campus too, from how late she was staying here.But now she was looking up at the blackboard, almost glaring. Her hands rested on her hips.“Oh my God.” She choked out, trying to hold back a laugh. “I don’t know whether to hit your or laugh at how perfect that is – and how bad you made Chat Noir look!”“What do you mean?!” Adrien was no artist, but it didn’t look that bad…did it?She pointed a finger up at the board. “He looks like a pineapple. Even I’m not mean enough to do that to him.”“And you can do better?” He tried to look cross at her, but she was now covering her escaped giggles with her oversized sleeve. He couldn’t help but relax a little at how her eyes lit up with the same laughter.“As a matter of fact, I can.” She smirked at him and held out her hand. Adrien handed the last whole piece of chalk before she climbed the step stool.“Oh right - reference, duh. Gotta pull up the Ladyblog.” she muttered.As she glanced down at her phone, body still angled at him, Adrien nervously flattened his hair back into place as neatly as possible before wandering out of her peripheral vision to find a distraction. He picked up the broken pieces of chalk still on the ground, keeping his head bowed. Having his identity and his sliiiiight vanity discovered wasn’t on his list of things to do tonight.“Alright, done! And now that I saved you from your starving artist future, I’d like a drink, please.” By the time he turned around she was already down and handed him back the box of chalk with a shy grin.He looked up and gasped.It was purrfect.Chat Noir grinned back down at the counter, staff in hand. It wasn’t super detailed, but he was expecting her to copy the blobby chibi style he had attempted (okay, so it didn’t look much better than those American how-to-draw-manga books, but he was trying!) and the best part was the “Meow-velous~!” written in a word bubble above his head.“Wow,” he breathed, still staring for a moment before turning back to the girl. “Can I pay you in drinks to keep doing this for me?”She smiled back, face flushed but appearing a little more confident this time. "You know, with the upper divs I have this quarter I will hold you to that promise. I'm Marinette, by the way." She held out her hand."Deal." He shook hers firmly. “I’m Adrien.”“I know.”Marinette froze for a second before snapping her hand back to her chest, horrified.“I, uh, I mean- I’m a design and textiles m-major, it’d be a little silly if I didn’t know who y-you are!” Her eyes were wide, darting to look everywhere else around the room except at him. “Not that being G-Gabriel’s son or a model is all you are! Um, because you go to school here – or, I mean - ughhhhh.”She slapped both hands over her red face and groaned. He raised a brow at her when she took a deep breath and held out her hand again, the other still covering half her face.“Hi, I’m Marinette and I’ve been working so hard all day that I can’t make a coherent sentence anymore.” She muttered again, muffled by the hand still on her face.He couldn’t help but chuckle at the girl. True, his name did pull a lot of attention at first, and it was a relief when he could walk around campus and blend in like everyone else, but she’s one of the first since coming to this school to say, “Hi, I know you but I’d like to treat you somewhat like a regular human being first.”Or something along those lines. He didn’t catch every single word in her panicked state but he got the gist of it.He took her hand in both of his and shook it once before letting go. She still refused to uncover her face.They stood awkwardly for a moment before Adrien grinned wider and rocked back and forth on his feet.“Sooooo…I do have to close up shop soon but I can make you a Chai Noir before you go.” Marinette finally met his gaze again, grimacing at him.“Is this how all your drinks are going to be named?” She groaned, looking up at the sign again before visibly deflating. “But yeah, I’d like that. I have more reading to catch up on before the sun rises.”“Is that a challenge?” His eyebrows rose as he pointedly looked at her before he turned to start on the drink. She walked back around the counter to the customer side and leaned forward to rest her chin on her hands.“Why do I get the feeling you’ll take it as one anyway?”“I purr-omise I’ll exceed your expectations.” His voice drifted over the sound of the foamer. He didn’t look up from the machine but smirked as he heard only a defeated sigh.Marinette was hesitant when he told her the large drink was on him for helping him out, but the tired look on her face showed she didn’t have it in her to politely deny it more than once.Both of them were reluctant to say goodbye, but between their small conversations the counters were wiped, the chairs put up and all Adrien had to do was flip off the switch and lock the door. Neither noticed when the other mystery customer had left. It was past midnight when she jokingly bid him a good morning before zipping down the street on her bike, drink held carefully in one hand.He watched her disappear around the corner, only then catching the goofy grin on his face. He made a new friend today, and he also found a fun challenge to work on.It was only week two, but Adrien knew. This was going to be a really fun quarter.As a classical literature major, barista, older brother (see: babysitter), and best friend to Nagisa, Makoto had no free time. If he did, the time was spent reading for his classes or keeping said blond best friend out of trouble. Behind on two reading assignments, Makoto let Nagisa man the register with their few customers and opened his book underneath the counter. The Great Gatsby wasn't one of his favorites. He'd read it in high school and loved the writing style, but quickly lost his enthusiam as the book continued. Sighing, he started the sixth chapter. "Ah, Mako-chan," Nagisa interrupted and Makoto looked up. Nagisa was pointing to the door which twinkled, signalling the arrival of a group of college kids. "Help." Makoto pushed his book away from the counter they used for mixing and went to his friend's aid. Silently fretting over the fact that he'd probably have a late night tonight, Makoto went on auto-pilot. A coffee-making blur, Makoto and Nagisa floated around each other, passing syrups or cups if they were closer. Within ten minutes, the line died down and every college student was served with one or two extra shots of espresso. "Finals must be close," Nagisa commented and Makoto nodded, the pit in his stomach growing. "Man, I'm sort of glad I'm in a gap year." Going into the back kitchen to fetch more clean cups, Nagisa left the counter to Makoto. Feeling anxious, Makoto began to wipe down the counter tops and fill the powdered sugar and cinnamon on the stations around the tables. The door twinkled again and Makoto looked at the front, seeing Nagisa wasn't back yet. Sighing, he walked around to the register, punched in his numbers and watched in slow abject horror as two customers paraded in. Oh god, he disliked his job sometimes because it always attracted the weirdest people. Coffee cafes were a universal watering hole for all types and Makoto still hadn't gotten used to the cultural melting pot. The first one to walk up to the counter was ignoring Makoto's stunned expression, opting to look at the menu above his head. He had red choppy hair, black gauges in his ears, and a silver piercing on his already intimidating brows. A tattoo was crawling up his neck, a tribal looking black creation that Makoto flinched away from because he was imagining the pain of going through the process and yeah no freaking way. "What do you want, Haru?" He asked his companion standing behind him. Off to the side with his legs crossed, Makoto didn't see him right away. He was shorter and hunched over a thick book. His black hair didn't quite cover his own piercings, four spikes in each ear. His expression spoke levels of detatchment and indecision. He chewed on his lip, which Makoto noticed had a piercing as well, a small silver ring. "Latte," he answered after a while, short and to the point. He tottered off to a small corner in the cafe and sat, nose immediately glued to the pages of his book. "Alright, then a mocha latte for him and an Americano for me." The man at the counter finally decided and looked down at Makoto, even though he was shorter. He also put a bottle of water on the counter from the front display. Still intimidated, Makoto shakily punched in their orders and squeaked out the total. The transaction was awkward and Makoto had to repeat himself twice. When the man finally left for his table, Makoto let out a breath and mentally shot out an SOS signal to Nagisa who was still puttering in the back. Makoto made the Americano first, the easiest. Putting a holder around it, he put it on the counter, hoping the man would come get it so he didn't have to go to their table. Next up, Haru's latte. Extra careful, Makoto tried to make the drink his best yet. Taking out the last clean cup, he poured the drink and drew in the foam. He was terrible at art, so he stuck with a basic leaf design anyone could do. The Americano was still on the counter, so steeling his nerves, Makoto carried both drinks to their table. "An Americano and latte," he interrupted, smiling with a churning stomach. Despite their slightly alarming appearances, the red head smiled, thanked him and took a delighted sip. Haru nodded and stared at his drink, eyes soft. Makoto left quickly, mumbling a 'you're welcome'. Nagisa was back, placing freshly washed cups on the counter. "They look interesting," Nagisa noted, nodding to the duo in the corner. Haru hadn't touched his drink yet, still reading, ignoring his companion's chatter. "I haven't seen them before, you?" Makoto shook his head and tried to go back to reading Gatsby, but curiosity won out. He watched, waiting for Haru to sip his drink. However, he was interrupted with twenty packed minutes of orders. Stressed out, Makoto completely forgot about the two and simply filled drinks. Some people wanted skinny lattes, others soy, and one crazy person ordered ten drinks and twelve pastries to go. When the crowd finally died down, an eldery couple waddled forward. Makoto told himself to breathe and genuinely smiled at the two. The man ordered two hot chocolates, one with a lot of whip cream, and took out a ten. He insisted they keep the change, so Makoto made sure the drinks were perfect and brought them to their table."Here you go, two hot chocolates. Can I get you anything else?" They quickly waved him away with a 'no thank you, dear'. Spotting a curling tattoo on the man's wrist, Makoto sucked in a breath. Looking at their table, Makoto saw Haru's cup was empty. Swallowing, he walked towards them. "Can I get this out of your way?" Makoto asked Haru, but he only glanced at him and then nodded. Fingers curling around the edges, Makoto finally saw the spine of the book and broke out into a grin. "Oh, that's a great book."The book was an older, beaten copy of A Tale of Two Cities, which Makoto always read at least once a year. Haru looked him in the eyes for a moment before back to the book, nodding again. Slightly put out, Makoto excused himself and went into the kitchen to pile the latte cup in the sink. Was Haru mute? No, Makoto remembered, he did order a latte. Maybe he was just shy. But thinking back on his appearance, which Makoto was finding he liked a lot, he reasoned that maybe he was just a private person who liked the detail on his body. Nodding, Makoto walked back to the front, where Nagisa was stocking and numbering how many pastries they were going through. With as much stealth as he could muster, he put the left over change from the ten into the tip jar. Working at a cafe, Makoto learned his first day, wasn't all making drinks. Nagisa had trained him, explaining the numbering system and register, how to bake this and that, and finally, how to make the drinks. So stressed and nervous, Makoto had messed up and dropped so many things he thought he'd be fired. But Nagisa simply laughed and helped him clean up the spills. "It's okay, Mako-chan," he insisted and leaned closer, whispering. "I spilled a hot drink on my trainer my first day and burned a dozen cookies my second. Don't worry, you'll get your bearings soon. Just do yourself a favor and admit you're going to mess up, because you always will." Two months later of intense stress and a few giggle fests, Makoto was fine on his own, put on latte art duty. Nagisa complained he was terrible at it, always ruining the foam. Since both weren't masters of the arts, they stuck to the simple designs of leaves, smilies, and if they were feeling a little bold, a heart. "Oh, they're leaving," Nagisa complained, waving to the exiting pair. Makoto snapped his head to front and smiled, happy that Haru at least glanced at him, while his companion loudly thanked them and waved back. "Too bad, I didn't catch their names." -Tuesdays were usually slow and calm, so Makoto always tried to catch a shift then. Luckily, Ai had a family thing and asked him to switch last minute. Coming in after two o' clock was always the best, and after sleeping in, catching up on his reading, and talking to his family on the phone, Makoto felt good. Nagisa was on shift too, along with a girl Makoto had only worked with a few times. He could never remember her name and she never wore her name tag. Distracted, Nagisa let Makoto take the register as he filled the orders. A few business men came in on their cellphones, laptop bags on their shoulders. After explaining they didn't serve decaf until after 5 pm for the fourth time, Makoto rang them up, already zoning out and humming happily. Two hours passed with ease, and Makoto thought about reading ahead in his Shakespeare class when the door jingled violently. Startled, everyone turned their heads at the disturbance, announcing Haru and his friend's arrival. "Rin," Haru muttered, turning pink in the face at the attention, and tugged at his friend's sweater. "S-S-Stop." "No, I don't think I will, Haru. God damn it all! He had the nerve to push you into the fucking pool!" At Rin's language, a few customers glared. Trapped, Haru burned brighter and pushed Rin to a corner, tugging on his gauges. They sat at a table and Rin whispered feverishly, before calming when Haru put a hand on his arm. Makoto, realizing he was staring, snapped to attention. A new customer was asking for a cookie. Nagisa put it on a plate, and Makoto apologized, taking the exact change. "So it's Rin and Haru, huh." Nagisa commented when the line was empty and Makoto glanced back at the pair. "I guess," Makoto tossed back, trying to seem uninterested. "That was the last sugar cookie, I'll get three more. That should be good right?" Nagisa stared at Makoto for a searching moment before nodding. "Get out some blueberry muffins too, just four. They need to thaw for an hour, remember?" Snatching the timer, Makoto nodded and went to work, going into the freezer, careful not to touch the frozen goods. He had done that too many times with his big hands and had to throw them away. The cafe had a strict policy, but Makoto was almost sure Nagisa ignored that rule, usually juggling six or more cookies in his hands. When he came back out, Rin was at the counter with Naigsa talking to him. Looking away when Rin glanced at him, Makoto took out a sheet of wax paper and put down the cookies and muffins. Punching in the time, he set it on the counter. To keep himself busy, he made another brew of coffee and wiped the counters. "Hey, Mako-chan," Nagisa called to him and reluctantly, Makoto looked to him. "I need another latte for Haru and a drip for Rin." Envious because he was already on a first name basis, Makoto nodded and went to work on their drinks. He finished Rin's first, simply filling the cup with coffee from the maker. Rin stayed by the counter this time and smiled at Makoto when he passed him his drink. "Thank you," he looked at his name tag and then back up. "Makoto. And sorry for the outburst earlier." He rubbed his neck.Shocked, Makoto hastily waved his hands, nearly knocking over the cup he set out for Haru's latte. Rin sniggered, smirking. "No, not at all! Don't worry about it." Rin simply nodded, and headed to his table. Shrinking, Makoto sighed. He'd have to walk to their table with Haru's latte. Face burning from making a fool of himself, Makoto worked on the latte, ignoring Nagisa's looks. Drawing a smiling face in the foam, he paused to push down his embarrassment. Deducing from their last encounter, Haru was shy and didn't talk much. Ok, Makoto told himself, then just don't say much. Walking to their table, Makoto grinned and put down the latte. "Here you go, enjoy." He didn't wait around for the thank you he knew wasn't coming and walked back to the counter, set on not embarrassing himself any further. Picking up his previously abandoned dish rag, he went back to cleaning the counters. He had spilled a little milk making the latte and busied himself with mind numbing tasks. Checking the clipboard on the wall, he marked another pot brewing and turned around into Nagisa. Yelping, Makoto righted them before they could fall. "You seem flustered." Nagisa pressed and put his hands on his hips after they disentangled, "You didn't mess something up and not tell me, right? Are you being threatened by a gang again?" Makoto was seriously contemplating those few questions (he been threatened by a gang before?) before Nagisa gasped, "Oh I know!" He leaned in, trying to be quiet, but that just wasn't Nagisa, "You had that kind of dream, amirite?" He pushed his elbow into Makoto's ribs as he sputtered. Rin snapped his neck towards them, suppressing a snort. Haru further inched down in his seat. "No!" Makoto hissed and then quieter, "No I didn't, I'm just a bit swamped right now." It was a half-truth and Nagisa knew it, watching as Makoto rubbed his nose."Uh-huh," Nagisa's mouth steadily dropped in mock affirmation. "Well my shift ends in half an hour. You alright to lock up?" Makoto pursed his lips and said he was fine, ignoring Nagisa for the rest of his shift, only speaking to him when making drinks. He mixed a few he'd never made before, taking out the recipe binder, reading closely. Absorbed in the instructions and muttering to himself, he didn't notice Nagisa leave as he waved. Most of the customers offered their goodbyes before returning to their laptops or books. A stool scrapped against the floor and someone sat at the side bar. Makoto promised he be right there and finished off his final new drink. "What can I get you?" The customer was someone new, and obviously nervous. He pushed up his red glasses. "A peppermint tea, please." He handed him a credit card, but Makoto didn't look at the name, swiping it quickly and assuring the man he'd have his tea ready shortly. "Thank you." He replied and Makoto went to work, getting out the right tea bags. A clink of dishes alarmed him of another customer and he nearly dropped the box of tea bags in surprise. Haru was standing at the counter, pushing the empty latte cup towards Makoto. He nodded politely and left with Rin. "Bye!" Makoto nearly shouted and Rin laughed, waving. Haru paused and decided to wave himself, if lazily. For the rest of his long shift, Makoto couldn't stop smiling. 
Izuku is 13 when he meets the first man he’s ever felt true, murderous rage for. His name is Chisaki Kai, and the little girl he’s tugging around behind him like a dog is somewhere around four years old and far too thin to be anywhere near healthy. The feeling that ignites in his chest is surprising, and overwhelming, and somehow not as disgusting as he thought it’d be. He sees Chisaki Kai and understands, just a little bit, why some people turn sour.

He reports it to the police, and they tell him that they’ll ‘look into it.’

He tells a sidekick from the local hero agency, and they say that the police will be fine without their help.

He sees the man around more times than he can count, so obviously whatever the police are doing isn’t working.

So he decides something very important.

If the police can’t do anything, then a Hero has to. But when the Heroes can’t do anything, 

won’t

 do anything?

Something has to change.

So he goes online and finds an article. An article about something called ‘Vigilantism’.

He remembers Kacchan talking about vigilantes once. He remembers disliking the idea. He remembers filing the idea away for later.

And he weighs his choices. He could break the law, kill Chisaki Kai, and save the white-haired, wide-eyed little girl. Or he could save his dream of becoming the first quirkless pro hero, leave it to the police, and trust that everything will be okay.

His choice is obvious, really. He starts planning a rescue.

-

It takes six months to plan, and it is underwhelmingly, disappointingly easy to kill Chisaki Kai, alias Overhaul, leader of the Shie Hassaikai. Underwhelmingly easy to break in at two am, slip into his room, and drive a stiletto knife through his eye. Same with Kurono Hari, alias Chronostasis, keeper and main caretaker of the girl.

It’s easier still to work through the rooms, into the facility, under the facility, through the doctors who haven't spent the last seven months training their bodies, and to the door of her room.

It’s… hard to open the door. He doesn’t want to scare her, doesn’t want to open the door and see her afraid of him. She shouldn’t be afraid of him, but she will be and he doesn’t know if he can take someone as young as her, as innocent as her, looking at him with fear in her eyes.

It’s hard to open the door. He does it anyways.

Inside, she is sitting up, looking at the door in terror. Looking at 

him

 in terror, and he pulls the black surgical mask he’s wearing down under his chin. He slowly, ever so slowly, sits down just outside the doorway, criss-cross applesauce. He looks up at her.

“Hi,” he says. Quietly, because he will never raise his voice at her. “My name is Izuku. I’m here to rescue you.”

Her eyes keep the fear, but there’s a touch of curiosity now.

“I came here just for you,” he continues, “and I made sure everybody stays quiet while we go. You don’t have to worry about anything, I’ll make sure we get out of here real quick.” He shifts the bag on his side to a more comfortable position, and looks around the barren room. “Do you have anything here you want to keep?”

She shakes her head, just the tiniest bit, but it’s an answer.

“Okay.” He smiles gently, standing up slowly. “That’s fine. I have to get some things from the lab. Do you want to come with me or stay here until I get back?” Because he will come back, if he needs to.

Her indecision is palpable. She doesn’t want to go the the lab, that’s obvious, but she doesn’t want to risk him leaving and not coming back. He’ll wait until she has an answer.

She gets out of her bed, and it seems she has decided.

She’s barefoot, and her legs have bandages on them. Same with her arms, and the horn on her head has grown bigger since the last time he saw her. Something to do with her quirk, then. She walks over to him slowly, and flinches when he stretches his hand out. She doesn’t look at him when she puts her hand in his, and she’s silent still when he leads her down the only path he left un-bloodied.

The lab is full of strange, useful machines. Strange, useful data that he uploads to a thumbdrive. Strange, useful vials of a clear liquid that won't go bad, thanks to the quirk of one of the yakuza that allowed anything she touched to keep indefinitely. So says the report on the box, at least. Strange, useful things that go into his duffle bag, filling it up to the point that he knows if he hadn’t spent the last while working on muscle conditioning, he wouldn’t be able to carry it.

She is silent the entire time. She doesn’t look at him, she doesn’t talk to him, and she shivers when he sets her on a table so he can move around and keep her in his line of sight.

She seems surprised when he lifts her off the table and onto his hip, her arms automatically curling around his neck. He’s not sure if she’s surprised because he didn’t hurt her or because she’s never been held before. Neither would surprise him, but it's still disheartening. It still makes him sad.

Which alerts him to the fact that throughout this entire process, he hasn’t felt a damn thing other than affection, worry, and sadness. He’s felt nothing for the scores of people upstairs, lying in their beds or on the floors, bleeding from bullet wounds and slit throats. No anxiety, no fear, no panic. Just disdain and a muted sense of justice.

Oh well. He’ll psychoanalyze himself later, when she’s safe in a bed that isn’t underground, in a yakuza torture compound.

He carries her all the way out of the basement, up through the halls, and stops in front of Chisaki Kai’s room.

“This is his room. Do you want to see him before you go?”

The little girl lifts her head up from his shoulder and looks to the door. She turns her back to face him and shakes her head, eyes down.

“Okay,” he says easily. “We’ll go now, then.” He starts to make his way to his entrance point. “We’re going to go to my house.” He slips out of the window, keeping hold of her and the bag. “I have some money saved up to buy you a bed, get you some clothes, whatever you want.” They’re out of the complex now, and his surgical mask back up. He shifts a bit and pulls out a black beanie, then hands it to her.

Softly, gently, he gathers up her hair and piles it on top of her head.

“Here, pull it over your hair. We don’t want people seeing you right now.” He smiles, even though she’s not looking at him. “It’s a shame we have to cover up your pretty hair, though.”

He walks them to the train station. The duffel bag is digging into his shoulder, with all its damning evidence, and it’s not too heavy, but it’s definitely not ideal.

“Rest your head on my shoulder, it’ll take a bit to get home.” His eyes rove her face, and he sees exhaustion and traces of fear written all over her. “It’s safe to sleep. I’ll keep you safe, I promise.”

She sets her head down too easily. She probably won’t fall asleep until she’s made sure he’s not going to hurt her, and he accepts that. He just wants to get her home and tucked in.

He steps onto the train and it pulls away from the station.
Yamada Hizashi is running late.Well, he’s not actually running late. There’s no specific time that he has to be at the coffee shop, but by now it’s habit that he spends Monday morning there, planning out his next radio show and doing the homework he should have done on the weekend.There’s a reason he tries to get there relatively early, though. The Black Cat is a fairly popular coffee shop on campus, so the tables get filled in pretty quickly – and there’s a specific table Hizashi always tries to get.It is in close proximity to a power outlet, but that’s not the main reason Hizashi likes it.“Don’t worry, your table’s still free,” Kayama, who normally works the cash register, says, shooting him a wink as she hands him his change. Hizashi has to fight a blush.Hizashi wishes he could say that it’s a coincidence that his table gives him the best view of Aizawa Shōta as he works the espresso machine, but it’s really not. Theoretically, he could spend a full two hours before his first class gazing at Aizawa’s broad shoulders and nicely sculpted backside. It’s too much power for a mere mortal to have.He’s been drinking a lot of coffee lately.Thankfully, today he has someone to keep him on track.“You look like you’re about to start drooling,” Iida Tensei says, sliding into the seat across from Hizashi.“I do not!” Hizashi sputters, his face flushing.“Seriously, just ask the guy out already,” Tensei says, glancing over at where Aizawa is making designs in latte foam. “This is getting ridiculous.”“I’ve never even talked to him before,” Hizashi sighs, burying his face in his hands. “I don’t want to bother him when he’s working and be that guy.”“That’s what dates are for, getting to know each other,” Tensei replies, taking another sip of his coffee.“Wouldn’t it seem a little weird, though?” Hizashi whines. “Me asking him out after four months of not saying a single word to him? Would he even recognize me?”Tensei stares at him for a moment.“You’ve been sitting at this creeper-table for four months?” Tensei asks, and Hizashi is torn between wanting to glare at him and wanting the ground to open up and swallow him whole.“Can we talk about something else?” Hizashi sighs.“Fine, fine,” Tensei says, mercifully dropping the subject.Really, though, it’s not like Hizashi’s the only one with a “creeper-table” at the Black Cat Coffee Shop. He’s pretty sure that in order to work here, you have to score at least a nine out of ten on the attractiveness scale. Kayama, who works the cash register, is able to make even the most staid of outfits look inappropriate, and Yagi, the manager, has a sort of wholesome, earnest attractiveness that keeps the tip jar full 24/7.Then there’s Aizawa.He seems to have worked out a deal with Kayama so that he never has to work the cash register, instead spending his entire shift behind the fancy, stainless-steel espresso machine. If his aim was to avoid unwanted flirtation, though, it doesn’t seem to have worked much, because if anything it’s just added to the whole dark and mysterious persona he has going on.Well, dark, mysterious, and exhausted. Aizawa always looks like he’s in dire need of a nap. Hizashi’s still trying to decide if it’s because he’s an overworked barista/college student or if it’s because he’s always mildly hungover. Really, with how little Hizashi knows about him, it could be either.For once, though, Hizashi manages to avoid spending his entire time at the coffee shop speculating about Aizawa. Tensei gets him caught up in talking about his show for the university student radio, which is probably the most surefire way to keep his mind from straying off topic.In fact, Hizashi’s almost ready to congratulate himself for not even looking over at Aizawa for the past fifteen minutes, when he throws his arms open wide, recounting an ongoing argument he has with the guy who hosts the sports section of the radio show.“Hizashi – ” Tensei interrupts, his eyes widening, but he’s a moment too late.As Hizashi flings his hand back, it slams into something hard. He hears something shatter against the ground and a moment later someone hisses, “Fuck, shit, fucking – ”“Oh my god, I’m so sorry!” Hizashi blurts out as he turns around to face the victim of his gesticulating. “Are you – ”However, the words get stuck in his throat as he realizes who, exactly, he hit. Aizawa Shōta’s standing next to their table, the shattered remains of coffee mugs he’d been collecting from vacated tables lying at his feet.“Fuck,” Aizawa mutters again, clutching his hands over his nose. A little blood drips down over his chin.This is definitely not how Hizashi wanted to try talking to Aizawa for the first time.“You’re bleeding,” Hizashi blurts out, unhelpfully. “Shit, do you need to go to the ER? I can take you to the ER – ”“I’m fine,” Aizawa replies, his voice muffled and nasally.“You’re bleeding,” Hizashi says again, and Aizawa glares at him. “Here, just – move your hands a little so I can see how bad it is.”Reluctantly, Aizawa does so, and Hizashi winces as he surveys the damage. Aizawa’s nose is already turning a little purplish along the bridge and it looks vaguely crooked in a way that doesn’t bode well for it not being broken. Blood is also gushing out at a frankly alarming rate, and Hizashi’s glad he’s not squeamish about this sort of thing, because otherwise he’s pretty sure he’d have fainted by now.“That really does not look good,” Tensei says, from behind Hizashi. “You should let him take you to the ER.”Hizashi doesn’t know if this is Tensei’s attempt at being a good wingman or the worst wingman in the entire world. He’s leaning towards the latter.“Here,” Hizashi says, grabbing a couple of napkins off the table and handing them to Aizawa, who accepts them dubiously, before attempting to mop up the blood on his face.“Holy shit, Shōta,” someone says, and Hizashi looks over to find that Kayama’s made her way over to them. “Please tell me that blood’s yours and not a customer’s.”Aizawa glares at her.“It’s my fault,” Hizashi says. “Do you have a first aid kit or something?”“I think you’re going to need more than just a first aid kit for that,” Kayama replies, frowning as she surveys the state of Aizawa’s face. “Seriously, you should go the ER before your pretty face gets permanently disfigured. I can cover for you.”“Fine,” Aizawa finally huffs, before turning his glare on Hizashi. “I have insurance, but you’re paying the copayment.”“Yes! Absolutely,” Hizashi replies quickly. Aizawa grabs his bag and another handful of napkins from behind the counter before heading for the door, and Hizashi has to scramble to keep up. Really, someone covered in that much of their own blood shouldn’t be able to move this quickly, he thinks.Thankfully, the drive to the ER isn’t that long, but despite that, every moment passes in almost painful awkwardness. Hizashi clutches the steering wheel a little harder as he tries to think of something to say. What are you supposed to say when you accidentally break a guy’s nose?“I’m really sorry,” Hizashi says. “I had no idea you were there.”“Yeah, I figured that much,” Aizawa snorts. “I’d be pressing charges if I thought otherwise.”“That, uh,” Hizashi says awkwardly, “makes sense.”They fall into silence for another long moment. Guilt is still churning in Hizashi’s stomach and briefly he wonders if he should apologize again, just for good measure.Before he can even open his mouth again, though, Aizawa says, “If you apologize again, I’m going to punch you in the face. Would you feel better if we were even?”“I think I’m good,” Hizashi manages, and Aizawa lets out a little snort.Once again, the car falls silent, although this time the silence is marginally less awkward than before. Keyword being “marginally.”“I’m Yamada Hizashi, by the way,” Hizashi says, suddenly realizing that in all the chaos he hasn’t even introduced himself.“I know,” Aizawa replies, and Hizashi glances over at him, surprised.“You know?” he repeats.“You’ve been coming to the coffee shop at least twice a week for the past four months,” Aizawa says, his tone of voice suggesting that he thinks Hizashi is particularly dense. “By now Nemuri doesn’t even bother to write down your order, just your name.”“Oh,” Hizashi replies. So much for his theory about Aizawa not having any idea who he is. “I didn’t realize I’d become so predictable.”“Hazelnut latte,” Aizawa says. “Every time.”“Huh. Maybe I’ll have to try something different next time,” Hizashi muses.“First you break my nose and then you try to make my job more difficult,” Aizawa drawls and Hizashi’s about to apologize again, but when he glances over at Aizawa, he looks vaguely amused. It occurs to Hizashi that Aizawa has kind of a dark, sarcastic sense of humor.“Well,” Hizashi says, “I suppose I can stay stuck in my ways. For your sake.”“Your sacrifice is appreciated,” Aizawa replies, and Hizashi sees a hint of a smile on his face.Maybe he hasn’t completely fucked up everything.---The ER waiting room is busy, as Emergency Rooms tend to be, at least in Hizashi’s experience. The nurses seem unfazed by Aizawa’s appearance, despite the blood splattered all over his white shirt, but thankfully they see to him quickly enough.Hizashi, on the other hand, finds himself stuck in the waiting room, counting the minutes until Aizawa appears again. At least he has his phone with him. He winces as he unlocks it and looks at the time, though. He’s missing his physics lecture right now, and at the rate things are going, he might miss the rest of his afternoon classes, too. At least he doesn’t have anything major due today.It takes what seems like forever for Aizawa to appear again, but in all actuality it’s not much more than half an hour. He looks vaguely more human with the blood washed off his face, although his shirt is still stained with it.“How bad is it?” Hizashi asks, standing up from the uncomfortable waiting room chair.“Apparently I’m going to live,” Aizawa replies, his tone dry.“That’s, uh, good,” Hizashi says. His eyes seem stuck on the small splint straightening out Aizawa’s nose. He tries not to feel too guilty and mostly fails.“And I’m sure Nemuri will be happy to hear that my face shouldn’t be deformed either,” Aizawa continues, and briefly Hizashi finds himself wondering if Aizawa and Kayama are together. They certainly seem comfortable enough around each other to be a couple.“Do you want me to drop you off back at the coffee shop or is there somewhere else I should take you?” Hizashi asks and they make their way out of the ER.“Nemuri managed to get someone to cover the rest of my shift, so if you could drop me off at my apartment that would be good,” Aizawa says. “It’s not too far from the coffee shop. I can give you directions.”“Sure,” Hizashi replies as he slides back into the driver’s seat. “It’s the least I can do.”Thankfully the drive back is much less awkward than the drive to the ER. Aizawa seems a little out of it, and Hizashi wonders if the ER doctor gave him any medications, or if the events of the day are finally starting to catch up to him. Instead of trying to make conversation, Hizashi fiddles with the radio for a little while, eventually settling on an indie station that’s playing something soft and acoustic.“You can drop me off around here,” Aizawa finally says when they’re a few blocks away from the coffee shop, in an area mostly populated by student apartments.“Hey,” Hizashi says as they come to a stop, making Aizawa look over at him. “Is there anything else I can do to make this up to you? I feel really bad about the whole thing.”“Well, I could use a drink right about now,” Aizawa snorts. “But apparently I’m supposed to hold off on drinking for the rest of the day so I don’t start bleeding everywhere again. If you’re still feeling guilty tomorrow, though, you can buy me a drink.”“I can do that,” Hizashi replies, trying to ignore the heavy thud of his heart in his chest. This is an apology, not a date.Aizawa studies him carefully for a moment and then says, “I guess I’ll see you tomorrow, then.”“See you then,” Hizashi echoes as Aizawa climbs out of the car. As he watches Aizawa walk away, he tries not to freak out too much.Hopefully he’ll leave a better impression than he did today.---When Hizashi comes to the Black Cat Coffee Shop the next morning, he orders his customary hazelnut latte. However, instead of going directly back to his usual table, he hovers around the counter, near where Aizawa is operating the espresso machine with practiced movements.“So, are you still up for that drink tonight?” Hizashi asks, clutching his coffee mug a little nervously.“Does eight work for you?” Aizawa replies, as he mixes chocolate into a drink. When he looks up again, Hizashi has to suppress a wince. The bruising over his nose is darker now, and it’s spread around his eyes a little, too. He looks kind of like a raccoon.“Yeah, eight works,” Hizashi answers.“We can meet here,” Aizawa says, artfully decorating the drink he’s working on with whipped cream and cinnamon. “There’s a pretty good bar a couple of blocks down.”“Sounds like a plan,” Hizashi replies. “How’s your nose feeling?”“Well, I iced it to the point of numbness earlier, so at least I can’t feel anything,” Aizawa snorts. “People keep telling me I look like a raccoon, though.”“You kind of do,” Hizashi says, before his brain-to-mouth filter kicks in. He freezes as soon as the words register in his brain, wondering if he’s pushed a little too far.“Whose fault is that?” Aizawa replies, but his tone is dry, not angry.“You know, a lot of people think raccoons are cute,” Hizashi protests, leaning against the counter. “It could be worse.”“Cute, huh?” Aizawa says, quirking an eyebrow at Hizashi, who feels his cheeks heat a little.He opens his mouth to reply, but before he can, Kayama loudly says, “Hey, Shōta, stop flirting with the customers! You’re holding up the line.”Aizawa lets out a small huff and rolls his eyes.“Sorry about that,” Hizashi says, grimacing slightly. “I keep making things difficult for you.”Aizawa studies him for a long moment and then says, “More interesting, though.”Hizashi blinks at him, surprised.“I’ll see you at eight,” Aizawa adds, a subtle dismissal.“Right,” Hizashi replies. “Eight it is.”He makes his way over to his usual table, relieved to find that no one’s taken it while he was busy talking to Aizawa. He works a bit on a project for his Acoustics and Psychoacoustics course, and actually manages to get a remarkable amount done, despite how he occasionally finds his eyes straying back towards Aizawa.The rest of the day passes simultaneously too slowly and too quickly, and Hizashi finds himself both dreading and looking forward to seeing Aizawa again. He panics a little around noon and texts Tensei, freaking out about all the different ways he could mess things up at the bar, but thankfully Tensei manages to calm him down. Well, mostly. He tries not to think about bar fights and how maybe he should have suggested a nice, quiet restaurant instead.Aizawa said he wanted a drink, though.Hizashi shows up in front of the coffee shop ten minutes early for good measure. Aizawa, of course, shows up exactly on time. Hizashi can’t help but stare for a moment, as he realizes that he’s never actually seen Aizawa outside of the coffee shop. Normally he has some of his hair pinned up in a half-bun when he’s working, but now it flows freely around his face. He’s changed out of the coffee shop uniform, too, instead wearing a simple black long-sleeved shirt and jeans, a messenger bag slung over one of his shoulders.“It’s this way,” Aizawa says, brushing past Hizashi and breaking him out of his stupor.The bar’s only a block and a half away, a small neon sign in one window declaring it “Snipe’s.” Hizashi wonders how many times he’s walked past it without noticing it. The interior is dark, a smooth wooden bar front and center, with a few tables and booths scattered around the edges. There’s a reasonable crowd inside, but it’s far from packed, and most of the occupants seem to be regulars. Aizawa waves to the bartender, before picking a corner booth, Hizashi following close behind him.“I didn’t realize this place was here,” Hizashi says as he slides into the booth, across from Aizawa.“Most people don’t,” Aizawa says simply. “Locals know about it, but it’s not much of a student hangout.”“So you’re not a student at the university, then?” Hizashi asks, unable to entirely keep the curiosity from his tone.“No, I am,” Aizawa answers. “But I’m also a local.”“What are you studying?” Hizashi asks, wondering how much he can learn about Aizawa before the night is over.“Astronomy,” Aizawa says simply. “You?”“Audio Engineering and English,” Hizashi replies. “I couldn’t pick just one.”Aizawa stares at Hizashi for a long moment, a look in his eyes that Hizashi can’t quite interpret. Then he says, “You’re that radio host.”“What?” Hizashi replies, caught off guard.“For the student radio,” Aizawa elaborates. “Nemuri plays it at the coffee shop sometimes. I thought your voice sounded familiar, but I couldn’t quite place it.”“And?” Hizashi asks, his heartrate tripping into overtime. “What do you think?”“I’m not really a fan of music,” Aizawa replies, shrugging. “But it’s not bad.”“I guess I can work with that,” Hizashi sighs, deflating slightly.“I’m normally not paying very close attention,” Aizawa replies, giving Hizashi another unreadable look. “Maybe I’ll have to pay closer attention next time.”They fall silent for a moment.“You know, I thought you’d be angrier with me,” Hizashi says suddenly.Aizawa blinks at him slowly, his lips turning down in a slight frown.“About the whole breaking your nose thing,” Hizashi clarifies.“Holding a grudge never did anyone any favors,” Aizawa replies, shrugging. “You’ve apologized already, multiple times, and it wasn’t like you intended to hurt me in the first place.”“I guess,” Hizashi says.“Do you want me to be angry at you?” Aizawa asks, quirking an eyebrow at Hizashi. “Because if you want, I can force you to buy more things for me.”“I think I’ll pass,” Hizashi replies, with a small laugh. “Student radio doesn’t exactly pay well.”“It pays?” Aizawa asks, and Hizashi has to suppress a grimace.“Not actually,” Hizashi answers, fiddling with the drink menu in his hands. “Sometimes I DJ at the club on 22nd, though, and I’m here on scholarship.”“Nemuri keeps trying to get me to go to that club with her,” Aizawa snorts.“Not a fan of dancing?” Hizashi asks, and can’t help but feel a little disappointed.“Not a fan of losing my hearing,” Aizawa answers, and Hizashi can certainly see his point. “I can dance just fine.”“Really?” Hizashi says, a little surprised. “You don’t seem like the type.”“My parents made me take ballroom dance lessons when I was younger,” Aizawa replies, shrugging. “It’s been a while, though.”Hizashi doesn’t know if the mental image of Aizawa doing ballroom dance was something he desperately needed or absolutely didn’t need. He’s better at modern dance himself, but he took a one credit salsa course his freshman year, and he’s sure he’s going to end up daydreaming about dancing with Aizawa at some point, due to this newfound knowledge.Eventually they get around to ordering drinks. Aizawa just asks for his “usual,” which means that Hizashi still doesn’t technically know if Aizawa always looks so tired because he’s overworked – maybe he’s up late doing whatever it is Astronomy majors do? – or if he’s just always hungover.They talk for a surprisingly long time. Truthfully, Hizashi had half expected Aizawa to leave as soon as he’d finished his drink, but instead he stays. He’s not exactly the most talkative person ever, but Hizashi’s always been able to talk enough for two people and once he gets into the swing of things, he’s easily able to carry on the conversation. In fact, Aizawa’s dry, sort of dark sense of humor helps him loosen up a little, and by the end of the night, Hizashi finds himself wondering why he was ever so worried about talking to Aizawa.“Are you okay to walk home?” Hizashi asks Aizawa as they make their way out of the bar, the cool night air washing over him.“You drank more than I did,” Aizawa snorts, and his cheeks are a little pink, but Hizashi can’t tell if that’s because of the alcohol, or if it’s due to the late night chill.“I have a pretty good alcohol tolerance,” Hizashi replies. He spent more of his freshman year partying than he probably should have. Aizawa doesn’t exactly look like the partying type, though. Then again, he’s friends with Kayama, and Hizashi’s heard bits and pieces of her reputation.“I’ll be fine,” Aizawa says. “You don’t have to walk me home.”Part of Hizashi wants to ask, “What if I want to?” but he’s not quite drunk enough for that. Really, he’s more pleasantly buzzed than properly drunk.“I’ll see you tomorrow?” Hizashi says instead, shoving his hands in his pockets so he doesn’t do anything stupid like try to reach out and touch Aizawa.“You know where to find me,” Aizawa snorts, but his lips quirk up into a small smile. Hizashi finds himself unable to look away.“Right,” Hizashi replies, a little awkwardly. “I’ll see you tomorrow, then.”“Goodnight,” Aizawa says, before turning to head down the block in the direction of his apartment.“’night!” Hizashi calls after him.Hizashi smiles to himself the entire way home.---Somehow, Hizashi and Aizawa have sort of become friends. Well, they’re at least casual acquaintances by now. Hizashi doesn’t hesitate to greet Aizawa when he comes into the coffee shop in the morning, and they usually end up chatting for a few minutes, although after getting yelled at by Kayama the first time, Hizashi’s careful to keep an eye on the line building up behind him.If he’d known that all it would take to get Aizawa to start talking to him was an accidental punch to the face… no, he definitely would have spent the rest of his life pining at his “creeper-table.”At least the bruising on Aizawa’s face has mostly faded by now, making him look less like a raccoon and more like a normal, overworked college student. Apparently he’ll be able to take the nose splint off soon, too. Hizashi’s relieved to have concrete confirmation that he didn’t actually cause any permanent damage.Really, things are almost back to normal now.Keyword being “almost” because one morning Hizashi arrives at the coffee shop to find that some girl, who can’t be older than fourteen, has stolen his table. Normally he’d put up at least a passive aggressive fight for his creeper-table, but, like he said, the girl is tiny. He’s mature enough to not fight a middle-schooler over something so petty. Mostly.“Looks like you have competition,” Kayama snickers as Hizashi pays for his latte.“Competition?” Hizashi asks, feigning ignorance.“Shōta made a frog design in her latte foam yesterday,” Kayama replies. “He has a secret soft spot for kids.”Hizashi is definitely not jealous of a fourteen year old girl. Still, Aizawa’s never done anything more complex than a leaf design in his latte foam.“Is it even legal for middle schoolers to drink coffee?” Hizashi grumbles, and Kayama laughs.“Go fight for your man,” she says, grinning. Hizashi doesn’t dignify that with a response.He makes his way down to the other end of the counter, where Aizawa preparing his drink and leans against the counter.“Why haven’t I ever gotten a frog design?” Hizashi asks.“Frog designs are only for children,” Aizawa snorts, not looking up from his work. “And just having the mentality of a fourteen year old doesn’t count.”“Hey!” Hizashi squawks. “I do not have the mentality of a fourteen year old.”“You laughed at that toucan pun yesterday,” Aizawa says flatly, and Hizashi supposes he has a point.(There’s someone who works the afternoon shift who writes a “Pun of the Day” on the chalkboard every day. Hizashi’s taken to calling her “Ms. Joke” in his head, and he’s half-tempted to try coming to the coffee shop in the afternoon instead of the morning in order to actually meet her, but that would mean sacrificing his Aizawa time.)“Alright, well, I’m going to try to find another table,” Hizashi sighs, picking up his latte. “Wish me luck.”“You could always sit here,” Aizawa says, making a vague gesture to the counter behind him.“What, on the counter?” Hizashi asks, blinking at him. “Isn’t that breaking some sort of rule?”“Probably,” Aizawa snorts. “But I’ve never read the employee handbook and no one actually cares.”“You’re sure?” Hizashi says dubiously.“Just take a seat,” Aizawa huffs, and for a moment Hizashi thinks he catches sight of a bit of pink dusting Aizawa’s cheeks.Hizashi hesitates for a moment, but then hoists himself up onto the empty counter space behind Aizawa. He has an even better view than he does at his creeper-table now, and he quickly pulls out his physics lab notebook, trying to drown himself in equations so he doesn’t start staring.Occasionally he finds himself making idle conversation with Aizawa, but mostly they each do their own work. It’s a comfortable sort of companionship, and Hizashi’s surprised to find that he only has ten minutes to make it to class when he finally checks his watch.“I have to head out now,” he announces, sliding down off the counter and gathering his things. “Thanks for letting me work here, though.”“Sure,” Aizawa replies. “As long as you’re not disruptive, no one cares.”Hizashi goes through the rest of his day with a warm feeling in his chest. Maybe he’s actually making progress.---The next time he comes into the coffee shop, frog girl has stolen his table again. He bemoans the situation to Aizawa, who rolls his eyes and lets him sit on the counter again.The time after that, his table is open, but he sits on the back counter anyway. No one calls him out on it.---Hizashi’s starting to think that maybe, possibly he should try asking Aizawa out. Maybe he’s reading too far into things, but Aizawa letting him sit on the back counter feels significant somehow. At the very least it means that Aizawa tolerates – and maybe even enjoys! – his presence.So, maybe he should give it a try. Even if Aizawa does get weirded out by it, it can’t be any worse than the whole broken nose incident.However, when Hizashi enters the coffee shop that morning, he freezes as he reads the chalkboard. Instead of a joke, written on it is:TODAY YOUR BARISTA IS:1. Hella fucking gay.
2. Desperately single.FOR YOUR DRINK TODAY I RECOMMEND:You give him your number.For a moment, Hizashi thinks that the sign is referring to Kayama, or maybe even Yagi, but then he notices that the doodled figure in one corner has what looks like a nose splint on it. For a moment, Hizashi’s heart sinks as he wonders if he’s too late. Aizawa has to have received at least a few numbers by now.Still, maybe if Hizashi gives Aizawa his number now he’ll be able to play it off as a joke if Aizawa rejects him.Kayama winks at Hizashi as he pays for his latte, and he becomes even more certain that she was the one who wrote the message on the chalkboard today. Aizawa wouldn’t hesitate to erase it if he was truly bothered by it though, so maybe Hizashi actually does have a tiny, tiny chance.“So,” Hizashi says as he leans against the counter, opposite of Aizawa. “I hear you’re collecting phone numbers.”His tone is light, a little joking, but Aizawa’s mouth turns down in a scowl and he glares at Hizashi.“Did Nemuri put you up to this?” he demands, and Hizashi blinks at him, surprised.“What? No!” Hizashi replies quickly. “Why would she do that?”Aizawa lets out a little snort, like he expects the answer to be obvious. Hizashi feels like he’s missing part of the conversation here.“Sorry, I thought – I saw the sign, so I didn’t think you’d mind,” Hizashi replies, biting his lower lip. “Do you want me to get Kayama to take it down?”“It’s just a stupid joke,” Aizawa sighs, glaring down at the drink he’s making.“If it’s making you uncomfortable, though – ” Hizashi starts.“I don’t care if strangers give me their numbers,” Aizawa interrupts. “It’s not a big deal.”“But you care if I give you my number,” Hizashi replies, trying not to feel hurt.Aizawa makes a frustrated sound.“I care if you give me your number as a joke,” he clarifies, not quite meeting Hizashi’s eyes.For a moment, Hizashi thinks he misheard. He stares at Aizawa for a moment, trying to process what he just said. Then, he blurts out, “What if it wasn’t a joke?”Aizawa looks up sharply, finally meeting Hizashi’s eyes.“If it wasn’t a joke,” Aizawa says slowly, “then maybe I’d accept it.”“You sure you want the number of the guy who accidentally broke your nose?” Hizashi asks, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips.“You can buy me dinner to apologize if you really want to,” Aizawa snorts. “But I thought we agreed that we’d moved past that.”“Alright,” Hizashi replies, his smile turning into a full grin. “Do you have a pen?”Aizawa digs a sharpie out of his apron pocket, along with a stack of post-it notes, and Hizashi quickly scribbles down his number.“Get it, Shōta!” Kayama hollers from the other end of the coffee shop, and Aizawa’s cheeks turn a little pink.“She didn’t think I was moving fast enough,” he mutters. “I didn’t actually think that sign would work, though.”“Wait, the sign was the get me to ask you out?” Hizashi asks, unable to entirely keep the disbelief from his voice.“Partially,” Aizawa snorts. “I think it was also just to make fun of me, though.”“Well,” Hizashi says, his lips quirking up into a smile. “It looks like it worked on both accounts. Can I take it down now, though? I wouldn’t want to risk you getting a better offer.”“You’re right,” Aizawa drawls, smirking. “Someone might come along and break my leg instead of just my nose.”“I thought you said we were past that,” Hizashi sputters.Aizawa laughs.It takes six months for Bogo to take her half as seriously as she’d like him to – around then, she gets into the system, cracks a robbery, and decides she loves her neighbors, but is starting to grow out of her odd little box. Clawhauser is thrilled.“You can live with me,” he says, and nearly falls over the edge of his desk. “I live so close. Jude. Judy-Jude.”She avoids a wave of sprinkles and napkins and raises her paws in surrender. “Okay, okay. I’ll check it out tonight after my shift, sound good?”“Sounds amazing,” he says, and hands her a bear claw.  Clawhauser is a little disappointed that she doesn’t really have much. Except photos. Judy has a lot of photos. Ever since she figured out that she could get them printed at the Pawgreens for chump change, basically, she’s been printing photos of her family and friends non-stop. So that’s really the first things that go up – strings running across the walls with photo after photo clipped to them, her smiling parents looking down at her, her siblings frozen in mid-wave.“Okay, I take it back. That’s amazing.” Clawhauser peers at her collection. “You’re dedicated, Judester.” The endless swath of nicknames should be frustrated – they’re cloying, afterall, and only make sense half the time. But he’s so earnest, and he’s basically her only friend. “Do you have a Polaroar?”“A…what?”“Oh jeeze, Jude.” He goes into the hall closet and tugs out a little box and hands it to her. “Here. I never use it, it’s a present from an ex. A nice one, but you know.” He shrugs.Judy turns the box over in her hands. “Oh!” She hops on one foot. “One of my uncles had one these when I was a kid.”“They’re pretty great. You keep it.”“Oh, Clawhauser—”“Ben,” he says. “It’s Ben. We’re roomies now.”“Ben. This is a really nice gift, but it’s yours—”“No. It’s yours now.” He presses it closer to her. “Enjoy it, okay? Someone should.”  Moving that much closer to the station does a lot for Judy’s commute. So much so that the first morning after she’s finally all settled, she wakes up and showers and dresses and eats and is standing in front of the precinct – and realizes her shift doesn’t start for another hour. No way Bogo’s going to let her start that early, even if she’s itching for it.ben: y r u gone already???????
judy: not used to the five minute commute lazy bones
ben: [coffee cup emoji]
judy: i made some silly
ben: no u need to go to java jag, across the streetJudy sighs and looks up, spotting the little patterned sign down the street.judy: sure thingHe sends her his order, something that looks atrociously sweet, but so very Ben, and she shoulders open the door. It’s crowded, people crammed into little tables with cups of coffee and computers, headphones in their ears, a few businessmen having some impromptu meeting and arguing about app development. Judy queues up, looking over the menu. She just likes coffee, a little sweet, with a spot of cream.When she finally gets up to the counter, she’s memorized Ben’s order, sorted her own, and looks up to find –Teeth. Red. Bored expression, not typical, but could be threatening, could be something, could be –Fox.“Welcome to Java Jag,” he says. “What can we brew for you?”“Um.”He peers down at her, the muscle in his jaw twitching ever so slightly. “Ah, the esteemed ZPD,” he says. “We don’t do parallel ordering with the shop next door, I’ve told your cheetah friend a hundred times.”“Oh.” Judy’s head finally clears. “No, I’m just here for coffee. For me. And my friend. Um.” Calm, stay calm, you’re okay, you’re the one who said—“What’ll it be, bunny?”“What?”“I said, what’ll it be, bunny?”Something about that rubs her the wrong way, but she presses on. “Okay. I need a venti caramel pop mocha latte cream, extra whip, with chocolate drizzle in the cup.”The fox gags.“This is for that cheetah, isn’t it?” He looks her up and down. “You don’t really seem his type.”“I’m his roommate.”The fox sighs and shrugs. “Okay, Clawhauser’s usual, and for you?”“Small coffee. Sweetened. Bit of cream.”“Wow. Opposites do attract.” He rings her up. “Nine-eighty-eight.”“Nine-eighty-eight?”“Well, cheetah’s order is, like, seven bucks. Leaving the rest of it to you.”Judy groans, forks over a ten, and drops the change in the tip jar.“Your twelve cents is appreciated, ma’am.” The fox pulls away from the register and goes back to flipping through his phone.  “This is amazing, Jude, thanks.”“It’s so heavy,” she groans barely managing to get it up on his desk. “What’s in this?”“Tiny bits of heaven,” he says wistfully. “Oh! Did you meet the fox?”“Yeah, he knows you.”“He’s a cutie and a half, am I right?”Judy frowns. “I’m a rabbit, Ben. I’m not exactly primed to be attracted to foxes.”“Well, whatever. Objectively, he’s handsome. Total bad boy, too. We used to have him in here all the time. I guess he cleaned up or something. Pretty well, too. Oooh, Millie made this, she’s the best one there, love that hippo.”Judy sighs, waving over her shoulder and heading to her desk. “See you tonight, Ben.”She shuffles into the elevator, glancing down at her cup, frowning.There, on the side, is a little marker drawing of what must be her.“Bunny,” it says, a few little arrows pointing toward her ears.“Dumb fox,” she mutters, and angles the little sketch away.  “You’re back!”“I am.” Judy shuffles closer to the counter.“Hold on, I’ve got something for you.”“What—” The fox comes around and puts a little stool in front of her.“There.”Judy scowls and kicks it out of the way. “I don’t need that.”The fox shrugs. “Only trying to help. What’s the name on the small coffee?”“Huh?”“Your name. Didn’t need it last time. You had the cheetah’s order. Everyone knows it.”“Oh.” She clears her throat. “It’s Judy.”“Right.” He scribbles some letters on the cup.“That’s not how you spell it.”“It’s fine. Millie, here.” He turns back to her. “Two-eighty-eight. I’m Nick, by the way. But I know you just keep calling me “that fox” in your head.”“I do not,” she says hotly.“Oh, you totally do.” The fox – she cringes to herself – Nick leans forward and grins. “So, I hear you’re the first bunny on the force.”“Rabbit. I am the first rabbit on the force.”“Bunny, rabbit.” He shrugs.“Judy? Judy, your small coffee, sweetened, just a bit of cream?”Nick snaps his fingers. “Carrots. That’s what we’ll go with. Millie, thoughts?”“Whatever Nicky.”“Amazing,” he says. “Absolutely amazing.”Judy rolls her eyes. “Goodbye.”“Smell ya later, Carrots. Tell cheetah I said howdy.”  He keeps doodling on the side of her cup. Clawhauser thinks she should save them.“I think he’s flirting with you.”“Again. Rabbit—” She points to herself, then the cup. “Fox.”He shrugs. “I guess I just don’t see the big deal, Jude. He’s cute, he obviously likes you—”“He teases! All the time!”“That’s, like, a thing, isn’t it?”“It shouldn’t be,” she says hotly. “When we support the idea that males show their appreciation using aggressive tactics, we naturally contribute to a more violent culture at large.” She folds her arms over her chest. “I refuse to believe that a fox is…is…is hitting on me.”“A fox is hitting on Judy?” McHorn comes into the staff lounge, tossing his coffee cup onto the counter and rummaging in the cabinet for filters. “That’s cute.”Josie meanders in after him, trumpeting her agreement. “Well, you know what they say…what do they say?”“Opposites attract.” Clawhauser sighs. “You’re like a character in a play. It’s so romantic.”“I’m going back to my desk,” she says loudly, hopping down from the chair and bounding out of the room.Ridiculous! Absolutely ridiculous! There’s no way, in any time or universe, that some sarcastic, eye-rolling, phone tapping fox has any sort of feelings or opinions whatsoever on her. That’s preposterous, and not at all what she needs right now. Her parents would freak! They’d flip the stand over racing into the city to drag her back by her ears. Absolutely not. She does not need, in any way shape or form –
Text me: 450-318-9924
“Oh, for the love of all that is green and good,” she mutters. A quick hand and a flick of the wrist is all it will take to toss the cup into the trash as she makes her way back to her desk. Really – that’s all she’d need.Reflex, is what she’ll call it later – the thing that makes her tuck the cup closer to her chest, just under her arm, protecting it from herself.Well, she thinks. It couldn’t hurt to think on it.  “You haven’t texted me.” Nick leans over the counter, pen stuck lazily behind his ear, paw reaching for her usual size cup.“I’ve taken the notion under consideration.”“She’s taken it under consideration, Millie.”“Whatever Nicky.”He jerks his head toward the hippo. “She’s invested. Small coffee? Sweetened? Bit of cream?”“…Yes.”“Perfect.” He scrawls her order on the side of the cup and slides it down the bar. “So. How’s it feel, being the tiniest animal in uniform?”“It’s…” Not what I thought it was going to be. Sometimes a disappointment. Sometimes the worse. “Good.”“Good.”“Yeah. It’s good—”“Carrots, small coffee, sweetened, bit of cream.”“Did you seriously write carrots on my cup?”Nick beams. “I seriously did.”“Ugh.” She snatches up the cup and heads out the door.“Text me!” he shouts after her.Judy trudges in the precinct and to her desk. She has a mountain of paperwork to get through, foxes or not. McHorn walks by, peering at the cup.“Fox left you his number.”“Again?” Josie asks. “He’s into you, Jude.”“Not interested.”McHorn snorts. “What, because you’re a bunny?”“No,” she says quickly. “I just…he’s not my…my type. Or something.”“Cut her some slack,” Josie says. “I’m sure back home there’s not many foxes, am I right, Jude?”“Yeah, just a few.”Josie nods. “I went to school with a nice bun. His folks sent him into class with that fox repellent.” Judy’s hand gravitates to her side without thought. “Well, maybe it’ll take time. He’s a little rough around the edges.” She smiles. “You’re all fluff.”  She is alone in the house, and Ben is out on a date.So.She leaps.judy: so this is me. texting you.
nick: this is excellent news. i’ve got my roommate’s van for the night let’s go out.
judy: it’s after eleven.
nick: and yet, here we are.And yet.He has his roommate’s van, and it’s…atrocious. Judy almost turns around and goes back inside – she was only going to text him, she wasn’t going to go out with him, what on this green earth would her mother think, what would her father say, what—“Hey. Stop thinking about all the bad stuff and get in, if you feel like. No pressure.”“You were the one who drove here in the van.”“Yeah, but you said you wanted to go out.”Judy sighs. She did, and she does.He’s cute, right?And she—Well. She’s all fluff.  She kisses that fox, right there in the front seat of the ugliest van she’s ever seen. She kisses him and it’s two in the morning and she has to be at work in five hours, but it’s a good kiss and a nice kiss and all she can think is sly fox, nice fox, jeez I really like this fox.  “Is it too soon for a couple’s costume?”“I haven’t considered it,” she says, not looking up from her book. He squeezes her feet before shifting on the couch, glancing over at her. “Are you considering it, Nicholas?”“I’m always considering Halloween,” he says. “It’s my favorite day of the year. After my birthday. And after your birthday now, I guess.”“You can like Halloween more than my birthday, Nick.”“I knew there was a reason I liked you. How about Little Red Riding Bun and the big bad wolf?”“Ugh.” She looks up at him. “Seriously? You want to go that direction?”“What, it’s cute.”She kicks his hand away. “I’ll think about it,” she says, three months before she dons the red hood and forces his ears under a moth-eaten wolf’s hat that droops over his eyes.“Cute,” he says, and she kisses his nose.  The thing about dating a former criminal is that, sometimes, weird things happen. Weird things like he’s knocking on your door at three in the morning and your roommate is shouting from the other side of the house and you’re scrambling to unlock the door and in he falls, right on top of your feet, looking up at you like you hold the world in your hands.And for him, maybe you do.“Nick—”“I, uh. Need to crash here. For the night.” Judy nods, stepping back and letting him stand, brushing his clothes. “If that’s alright.”“It’ll have to be,” she says, and pulls him into her room. “You okay?”“Huh? Me? Yeah. Finn got into some trouble, I had to bail.”“Is he okay?”“He’s solid. But I’ve…spent a lot of time cleaning myself up. Finn’s on the straight and narrow for the most part, but he gets into a bad spot now and then.”Judy stiffens, hand frozen over the blanket. “Should I worry?”“No.” He kisses the top of her head. “You shouldn’t.”It’s meant to mollify, and to calm, but Judy goes to bed anxious and she doesn’t sleep well.In the morning, she calls out of work, makes coffee and breakfast, and brings it to him in her bed.“I think you and I should move in together,” she says softly, brushing her fingers over the tuft of fur between his eyes.“So you can police me?”“Don’t turn this into something it’s not, Nick. I’m trying to help.” She kisses his ear. “You came to me last night, remember?”“Yeah,” he says. “I know. Is that oatmeal?” She nods, and he sits up and takes the bowl. “I don’t want to make my problems into your problems, Carrots. This isn’t something I deal with a lot.” She stares. “Alright, so it happens…frequently.”“Nick.”“It happens all the time,” he snaps. “You think it’s easy to take yourself out of that world? You live so long one way, thinking things might get better, and then you get the chance and you take it. But you’re still tied down, doesn’t matter how hard you fight it.”She shifts closer to him. “You know I know that feeling.”Nick freezes over his oats, setting the spoon down and nearly knocking the entire tray off the bed as he kisses her.“I do,” he says. “I really do.”  Ben is absolutely crying as he sets the only box he could manage to carry through the tears on the floor of Judy’s new apartment.“I’ll miss you,” he says.“I live down the street,” she soothes, and lets him wrap her in a bone-crushing hug. “And I’ve got an in on the coffee.”“Coffee that you’ll be paying for,” Nick mutters, dropping the last box into the living room. “Thanks for your help, cheetah.”“Oh, any time, you just call.”“Yeah.” Nick stretches, wincing as something cracks. “I’ll be sure to do that.”Ben sniffs. “Goodbye, Judy.”“I’ll see you Monday, Ben.”“I know, I can’t believe we’re going to go back to just being work friends.” He blows his nose into an enormous handkerchief. “It’s terrible.”They stand together and watch him from their spots on the window seat. Jude wipes the sill. “Needs dusting.”“Can’t you just beat it down with your ears?”“I can’t, actually. It’s like you don’t even know me.” He chuckles, yanking her forward and into his lap. “So, Mr. Wilde. What now?”“Well. We have a grand total of eleven boxes between us.” He shrugs. “Sooner we unpack—” He tickles her sides, and she howls with laughter. “Right.” He reaches for one of her boxes, dragging it over with his foot. “Let’s see what secrets you have here.” Nick digs through the box while Judy lazes on his shoulder, not really paying attention. “Is this…a Polaroar?”“Oh!” She sits up. “Clawhauser gave this to me. I completely forgot.”“Ugh, he was feeding your photo addiction?”“Yes.” She stands, lifting the camera. “Hey, Nick.”He looks up, and she snaps a photo.“Hey!” He makes a grab for it. “I wasn’t ready!”“Too slow, fox!”He growls and she runs down the hall, camera in hand.“You asked for it, bunny.” With a laugh, he takes off, and it’s alright that he catches her, pinning her down on the bedroom floor and pressing his nose to hers. The roll over, hold the camera high, and take their first picture together in their brand new place.It feels…momentous, in its own sort of way.“You know,” Judy says. “You should probably meet my folks.”“Baby steps, Carrots.” Nick sits up, takes another photo, and grins. “Baby steps.”The Beacon Daily Roast is Stiles's favorite coffee shop. It's
open until midnight on weeknights and 1 a.m. on the weekends, making it perfect
for a late night pick-me-up during finals week. The tables are large, which means he can spread out
with his books and notebooks and laptop and still have room for coffee and a
bagel. They have a huge selection of coffees and teas, which means he can
continue to drink something warm when he probably should cut down on the
caffeine. The Wi-Fi is free and fast, which is fantastic, considering he can't
afford it for his apartment. Plus the seats are comfortable and it's generally
pretty cheap, which is great for Stiles's broke-as-fuck student budget. The single downside to the Beacon Daily Roast is the fact
that there are only two plugs in the entire coffee shop. And one of them only
works about 50% of the time. That means there are fights sometimes over who gets to plug
in their laptop when, and Stiles has more often than not been the one guarding
his coveted plug-adjacent table with frankly vicious glee.
However, during finals week, it's every student for
themselves, and only the fast and the early are able to get the tables by the outlets.
Everyone else has to pray their laptop battery lasts. Normally Stiles is very good at identifying how early he
needs to get to the coffee shop in order to get one of the good tables.
However, today he had two finals, one right after the other, which means he's
leaving for the Daily Roast about an hour after he normally would. Which sucks, because he desperately needs the
Internet in order to take final number three. At least after this he's only got one more and then he's
home free. He's going to go back to his apartment and sleep for a week.
Stiles pushes his way into the coffee shop, already feeling
like he's pushing the limit of what he can handle today. His brain's a little
scrambled when he places his order, forgoing coffee in favor of some herbal tea
that might calm him down a bit. He also gets a bagel, pays, and then goes hunting
for a spare table. His heart sinks when he sees the plug table is already
occupied, by some bearded, bespectacled guy just sitting there with a coffee and a book. Ugh. He hates those people. So selfish; it's
like they don't even realize that table could be put to better use by someone
who actually needs the outlet. Oh well. There's not much he can do about it right now. Instead,
he grabs one of the smaller tables by the window, settles in, and opens up his
laptop to start his exam. It's not one of his harder exams (thank God) but it is one
of the longer ones, and Stiles is
only halfway through his tea when he glances down at his battery icon and
realizes he has approximately five minutes before his computer will shut itself
down. Shit. Fuck. He can't
just stop in the middle of this exam.
If his computer dies, it'll go ahead and submit the test for grading, and he's barely
halfway through. His GPA will be shot and he'll lose his scholarship and he'll
have to drop out and he'll never get into grad school and his dad will be so disappointed
and—Okay, okay. He's overreacting. But he sure as hell doesn't
want to explain it to his professor and he doesn't want to retake this exam. Stiles looks over at the plug table. Bearded Bespectacled
Guy is still sitting there, sipping
his coffee and reading. All by himself, not even using the plug, not even using
a quarter of the gigantic table. Fuck it. Stiles
has three and a half minutes before his laptop dies and he's forced to retake
this entire exam—if he's lucky. He slings his bag over his shoulder, grabs his
computer in one hand and his drink in the other, and stalks over to the plug
table. He drops everything onto the table and immediately crawls
under it to plug in his laptop. When he pokes his head back up over the edge of the table,
Bearded Bespectacled Guy is looking at him with a murderous glare. Or possibly
a confused glare. Or maybe both. This close, he can see that the guy is really fucking attractive, like the level of attractive that Stiles
usually requires a two-drink minimum just to talk to. His eyes are pale, kind
of green or yellow or hazel or maybe all of the above, his hair looks soft and
his cheekbones look like they could cut glass. Stiles almost swallows his tongue in shock. "What the hell are you doing?" Bearded Bespectacled
Guy asks. And oh, right. Stiles has just commandeered half his table.
He settles into his chair and quickly answers his next two questions on the exam.
Thank God, he's still in. The guy clears his throat. "I said—" "You're sitting at the table with the only working plug
in the whole coffee shop," Stiles says, "and my computer is three
minutes from dying and I'm in the middle of an online exam.""So you just sit down without even asking?" the
guy says. Stiles looks up from his computer to glare, but yeah, the
dude is still really attractive. It's
more distracting than it should be. "Again," Stiles points at his
laptop, "I'm in the middle of a test."The guy's mouth twists. "And that means you forgo all
basic courtesy?" "Hey, asshole, I'm not the one who took the only outlet
table in the whole coffee shop, okay?" Stiles doesn't have the best
brain-to-mouth filter when he's well-rested. It's shot to shit right now.
"If you don't like it, go find another table."The guy's scowl gets worse. "Do you see any other
tables?" Stiles glances around and, huh. Looks like someone else
claimed his spot as soon as he moved, and there aren't any more open tables in
the coffee shop. "Then stay here and I'll buy you an apology bagel when
I'm done." "An apology bagel?" the guy repeats. Stiles can't parse what his tone means, and he's so
exhausted and he just wants to get this done. He puts in his headphones and
tries to give the guy another glare. "Look, I'm running on two hours of
sleep and more coffee than is probably healthy, and this is my third final
today. Cut me some slack, okay?" Miraculously, Bearded Bespectacled Guy shuts his mouth, and
Stiles turns on his music and turns his attention back to his final exam once
more. He can do this. He can do this and he will absolutely not get distracted
by the hot Bearded Bespectacled Guy sitting across from him, nor will his brain
melt out of his ears. Not for the first time, he wonders why the hell he thought a
double major was a good idea. He's going to fry his brain before he's even old
enough to legally get into any bars. At some point during the test, someone sets a steaming mug
of black coffee next to his empty tea cup. Stiles blinks up out of his finals-induced
stupor to see Bearded Bespectacled Guy sitting back down in his seat, nodding
at the mug with a slightly less murderous glare. Oh. Stiles isn't sure if it's apology coffee or
peace-offering coffee, but he'll take it. After another hour, he finally
finishes his exam and turns it in, and stares at his computer in disbelief for
a good five minutes because he can't believe it's over. He's going to go home
and sleep so hard. Or at least, sleep
so hard for about six hours before he needs to get up and cram for just one
more final. But first things first. He goes to the bathroom, because his bladder is about to
explode, and then heads to the front and orders the promised apology bagel—one
of the shop's cinnamon bagels, because everybody knows those are the best. He sets the bagel in front of Bearded Bespectacled Guy,
who's almost finished with his book. Bearded Bespectacled Guy raises an eyebrow.
"Apology bagel," Stiles says, like it isn't
perfectly obvious what it is. "I'm sorry I crashed into your space without
asking. Thank you for letting me finish my exam. And thank you for the coffee.
Although I'm not sure I really needed more caffeine. Although that makes me
sound ungrateful, and I'm really not, I promise. That was awesome of you."Bearded Bespectacled Guy's eyebrows climb higher with every
word Stiles utters. "Do you ever stop talking?" 

Stiles laughs and scrubs his hand through his hair.
"Not really? I can't even blame the caffeine. I'm like this ninety percent
of the time I'm not asleep. Sorry. I'll get out of your hair. Let you enjoy
your apology bagel in peace." The guy looks down at the bagel and then back up at Stiles.
"You don't have to," he says quietly. Stiles feels like his eyes bug out of his head. "What?
You actually want me to stay?"The guy shrugs, like he's trying to look casual and failing
miserably. "If you want." That's all the invitation he needs. Stiles collapses back at
the table and buries his head in his arms. "Oh thank God. Because I'm not
a hundred percent sure I'm okay to drive right now and I desperately need to
not think for a while." "Was that your last final?" Stiles shakes his head into the table. It's a testament to
how tired he is that he knows he looks like a complete idiot in front of the
hottest guy he's ever met, and he doesn't even remotely give a shit. "One
more tomorrow at nine. And it's organic chemistry." The guy groans sympathetically. "Ugh. I'm sorry." "I'm not sure if I should pass out at home and wake up early
to study, or if I should study until I pass out and then wake up to take the
test," Stiles half-mumbles into the table. "Do three hours on, three hours off," the guy
says. Stiles lifts his head. "Huh?""Sleep for three hours, then wake up and study for
three hours." The guy takes a bite of the bagel. "Repeat until it's
time for your test. That way, you're getting a full sleep cycle in each time
you fall asleep. You'll be more well-rested for your test." "Huh." Stiles had never thought of that.
"Really?" The guy shrugs. "Got me through my undergrad." "Oh yeah?" Stiles sits fully up and rubs his hands
over his face. "I'll have to try that, then. Thanks, uh..." The guy grins. "Derek." Stiles sticks his hand across the table. "Stiles."
Derek shakes it. "Stiles?" His hand is so warm and firm, it takes Stiles a minute to
parse the question in his voice. "Dude, my real first name is hard as hell
to pronounce for anyone who hasn't had at least a year's worth of Polish."Derek smiles slightly. "My youngest sister was named
after our mom's grandmother. Everyone calls her Cora. It's easier on all of us."
"Someone else who knows my pain." Stiles sighs and
looks at the clock on his computer. He doesn't really want to go home and
study, but at the same time, if he doesn't get started soon, he won't even make
it through half the chapters he needs to before tomorrow morning's final. His stomach growls. Derek raises his eyebrows. "You hungry?" Stiles's cheeks feel like they're on fire. "Um. Yeah. A bagel's the only thing I've had to eat
since..." Shit. Since when? Derek snorts. "Yeah, I remember that face. You know,
there's a diner only a few blocks from here, if you want." Stiles frowns. "If I want what?" Derek's cheeks turn pink. "If you'd like to go get some
dinner." "What, like together?" Stiles asks. Derek nods.

"Like a date?!"
Stiles's voice breaks a bit on the last word, because what. 

Derek flushes even harder,
and stands up. "Never mind. If you'd rather not—""Whoa dude! Wait!" Stiles holds his hands up,
trying to keep Derek from leaving. "I didn't say I didn't want to. I'm not
a hundred percent here right now and you're, like, one of the hottest guys I've
ever seen. I'm half-convinced this is a hallucination brought on by too much caffeine
and sleep deprivation and finals stress." 

Derek rolls his eyes. "How about this. We go to the
diner. I buy you dinner. You get a decent meal, go home, and study for your
last final. And then tomorrow night, when you're finally free and have slept
for more than three hours, I'll take you on a date. How does that sound?" Stiles is pretty sure he's gaping like a fish. "Oh my
God, you're the most perfect hallucination I've ever had." Derek digs his thumb into the bridge of his nose. "I'm
already starting to regret this." "No!" Stiles scrambles to his feet, trying to shut
down his laptop and pack everything up. "No, I am on board with that idea.
So on board, you don't even know. That's the best idea I've heard all week. All
month, even. Possibly all year."Derek rolls his eyes again, but he's also blushing and looks
like he's trying to contain a smile. It's fucking adorable. "Come on. Let's
get some dinner before you start to hallucinate anything else." (They get dinner, and true to his word, Derek takes Stiles
out after he's completely finished with finals. Stiles is very pleased to find
out that Derek, and his kisses, are anything but a hallucination.)The first morning that Peter meets Wade, he finds himself being oogled by the guy with a messy blonde mop of hair from across the counter and makes his order as short as he can.Wade still gets it wrong.But Peter likes the little coffee shop around the corner from his campus. It’s good coffee, at least when the barista is anyone but the blonde guy who talks too much, and Peter likes to support local establishments instead of contributing further to the evil that is Starbucks. So he goes back the following morning, only to be met with Wade at the counter who misunderstands two pumps of vanilla to be somewhere around six.Complaining would be easy, and in fact he has because Wade is a bit of an asshole who should know that he can’t take simple orders, but it never seems to help much. Even after Peter had casually mentioned to Logan, the owner of the tiny shop who really doesn’t look like his life goal had been to set up a coffee shop frequented by college hipsters, Logan had only agreed with him about the “Wade is the worst barista in the world” remark.Peter becomes something of a regular nonetheless though. He walks through the door about the same time every morning, when the sky is still sleepy with indigo and the chill in the air settles on his skin. He has his biochem class an hour from then, but he enjoys being able to take his often times poorly made coffee to the back corner and study.Within the four months that he has made coming to the coffee shop every morning a ritual, Wade has managed to spill at least three drinks on him, written his phone number under Peter’s name on his cup in bold sharpie scrawl countless times, drawn dicks in the foam of his latte more than once, and used every pickup line known to man. All to no avail, although Peter has started to find it almost endearing if not amusing as hell.Wade talks to him, which isn’t a surprise because Wade never stops talking, but he talks about himself and how he knew Logan from their army days together. How Logan gave him a job after Wade was dishonorably discharged (he never says for what and Peter doesn’t ask) even though he threatens to slam his face into a counter daily. He tells him about the Mexican joint he practically lives at and how he actually abhors coffee.He doesn’t tell him about the red scars that blossom over his skin in uneven patches but Peter wonders if it has something to do with his discharge from the army.Peter, reluctantly at first, tells him about his studies and his hopes to balance his love of science and genetics with his love for photography. His camera sways from its place around his neck when he moves, not all graceful, but it knocks against his chest like a reminder...“So Peter,” Wade says to him one morning, flashing him a wicked grin as he leans over the counter. Peter stares at him unamused, the crumpled dollar bills still in his palm as he waits for him to take his money.“No,” Peter supplies before Wade can move on from smouldering eyes to propositioning him.“Oh my god, no, this is not how these coffee shop tropes are supposed to work, you’re doing it wrong!” Wade flails and actually pouts a little.“If you don’t want my money I’ll just take my coffee now,” Peter comments casually, grinning back at the blonde who grumbles and takes his money.He should really be used to rejection by now but Peter still finds a phone number on the side of his cup—like it matters because he’s already memorized the digits they show up on his coffee cups so frequently. He never calls. ..The first time that Peter realizes that he has made his morning routine a habit for a reason other than the coffee is when he brings Harry with him one morning. Harry who turns his nose up immediately at the place because it lacks everything expensive and doesn’t pass his standard for quality.Peter rolls his eyes and orders coffee for him anyways.“He’ll just take a caramel macchiato,” Peter tells Wade who is frowning like someone has personally offended him. His face is scrunched up, eyes narrowed and the brunette realizes that he’s not even looking at him but over his head. At Harry.He’s pretty sure they haven’t met before?“You alright?” Peter asks, mildly amused.“Oh yeah, totally,” Wade says, his voice forced like he’s trying not to rant, “Just peachy. Grand. Awesometastic. Swell. Is that your boyfriend?”He almost laughs—because Harry? Really?—before it dawns on him that Wade is trying to destroy the object of competition with imaginary lasers in his eyes like he’s acquired venomous glares. Because Wade is actually jealous of Harry. And as incredibly hilarious as that is, because really, he would have never guessed that Wade would wear jealousy so well.“Maybe,” Peter says, just to fuck with him. Wade’s glare intensifies something awful. “Jealous?”“Yes,” Wade admits unabashed, “He looks at you like he owns you and I want to punch him in his smug throat.”He’s not sure it really works like that, and he’s more sure than he should be distressed by the confession.“He’s my best friend,” Peter explains, watching the relief flood Wade’s face, “And absolutely not my type. Though you’re cute when you’re jealous. No, that does not make you my type,” Peter teases, not wondering until much later when he had gotten comfortable enough to play flirt with Wade...“This is the worst coffee in the world,” Harry tells him when they’re sitting in the back corner. Wade is watching them, or Harry more specifically, with an unwavering gaze that only Harry could be completely unnerved by.Peter laughs. “Yeah, it really is when Wade makes it.”Harry pauses, eyeing him skeptically from over the rim of his coffee cup. “You sound like you know him well.”“I’ve been coming here for almost a year,” Peter responds dryly, holding his cup to him almost protectively like that will defend the honor of the shop.“I wonder why, if the coffee sucks.” Harry sounds like he knows something that Peter doesn’t. It takes all of about five seconds of reevaluating his routine for Peter to pick out the subtle changes in his priorities. How he lingers a little more at the counter and jokes with Wade. How he drinks all of the too sweet coffee everyday so he can still come in.To see him.No wonder Wade is frustrated...“So, Peter,” Wade starts, the same way that he usually does when he’s about to ask Peter out. He leans against the counter, but he doesn’t grin wide and arrogant like he had at first. There’s almost a tentative curiousity to it like he might as well try.Might as well try, Peter thinks.“Nonfat black and white mocha, with whip,” Peter hums and adds, “And yes.”“Oh my god, you never even let me finish I can’t—” Wade rants, tapping in his order on the screen before dropping the cup between writing the first two letters of his name. Peter thinks about raising the camera around his neck to capture his expression, completely shocked with bright blue eyes wide and mouth hanging open. “What?”“Nonfat black and white mocha with whip,” Peter repeats with a curl of his lips because he’s really not that nice of a person and may like to see Wade squirm a bit.“The other part,” Wade says with hurried exasperation, “I swear I heard a yes in there.”“I think you’re hearing things,” Peter says innocently, dropping some spare change into the tip jar before sauntering off to his usual spot before his name is called for his coffee.He can’t help but grin a bit when he gets his cup, like an army of sharpies had attacked the white surface with Wade’s stream of consciousness.
‘I know you said yes!!!!!’

‘Too late now, you said it!’

‘Wanna go out for coffee?’

‘Ha no jk pls no. How about a movie?’

‘Or my apartment? ;) ‘

‘Actually call me this time, you dick!!!!’

 "I should fire you."

The words are good-natured, almost joking, but Derek can't stop the trickle of fear that snakes down his spine. Henry, his boss, jokes about this a little too frequently for Derek's comfort.

"Nobody would come to the shop anymore," he jokes back, eyes trained on the espresso machine in front of him. "You know what really works on your clientele." Derek shoots Henry a sunny, fake grin.

Henry snorts and shuts the register, moving on to the next one. "It sure ain't your sunny disposition."

Ah. This again. Henry is forever trying to get Derek to lighten up. Derek insists that he doesn't need to be lighter with the patented Hale good looks on his side.

"Whatever keeps the co-eds coming back," Derek replies as he moves on to the next machine. "You know it's not because of the coffee."

"In all seriousness," Henry says, chuckling, "I'm thinking about hiring someone new to do your job..."

"And?"

"And giving you mine."

Derek gapes at him. Sure, Henry's getting on in years, but Derek had assumed that his boss would keep coming in and closing up until the day he died.

"...a raise of course, as well as a shiny new name tag. Waddaya say? Wanna be Java Hut's new manager?"

He's suddenly struck by a vivid, overwhelming, terrifying   mental image: himself at seventy, handing over the keys to a faceless twenty-something. His life wasn't supposed to  be  like this; he had   plans,   dreams and goals that didn't include raging fires and over-priced espresso. He wanted to be an  engineer, a thinker, a doer, and instead he spends five days a week slinging coffee at bright-eyed kids while ignoring every girl who comes in and tries to pick him up. He realizes he's been wiping the same steaming wand for five minutes and Henry's looking at him expectantly. He opens his mouth to say no— no way, I don't wanna be like you, I want to go and be something and matter to someone, I want to get out of this shitty town and make a name for myself, I don't want to be stuck here forever —but what comes out is,

"If I get to help pick the new hire."

Henry beams at him and Derek can practically hear the deadbolt sliding home. This is his life now.


  
He comes in a lot, the kid. Derek likes to think he's not a creeper, but there's just something that keeps him watching. Kid's name is Stiles, but Derek can't tell if it's a last name or a first name; it’s what that freckled guy calls him when they come in to get coffee before class. Stiles (and Derek kind of hopes it's his first name; it suits him) is tallish and skinnyish and cute in an excited-puppy-that-never-stops-talking way. Derek feels like he knows way more about Stiles' life than he should, because seriously, Stiles never  stops talking .

Today he's got a shorter kid with him. Derek pretends he doesn't notice that this kid—with his floppy hair and crooked jaw—is sitting far closer to Stiles than Freckle Face does. Or that Stiles seems  real  happy today. Or that...

Derek sighs. He's such an idiot.

"Yo, Derek!"

Derek knows it's stupid, but he can't help liking the way Stiles says his name.

"Yeah?" Stiles is at the counter, baggy shirt loose around the collar. He's grinning at Derek, eyes bright. His friend is still at the table, poring over the textbook in front of him.

"So listen, my friend Scott is having a rough time in his mechanics class and I was wondering if you could help him out?"

Derek blinks. "You what?"

"If you could..." Stiles' smile is starting to slip. "I mean, I know you're good with cars—"

"How?" Dammit, his voice is rougher than he intends and he watches Stiles deflate a tiny bit more.

"I just, um, you helped my friend's girlfriend with her car? Like three months ago?"

"Oh... oh yeah. Um, I'm working?" That wasn't supposed to be a question. "But if you guys can hang out for an hour, I'm off at six?" That either. What  is  it about this kid?

"Yeah, sounds great!" Stiles turns back to the table, and then spins around to the counter again. "You wouldn't happen to have any past-date pastries you could sell me cheap, would you?" Stiles whispers as he leans across the counter. He smells kind of good, like berries and brown sugar and old books. "I skipped lunch because Scott was having some kind of existential life crisis and I'm  starving ."

Grinning a little, Derek reaches under the pastry case and pulls out the plastic container they keep the old stuff in. It's full of bagels and muffins and scones and at the end of the day, a guy from the college comes in and takes them to the Salvation Army. He sets the tub in front of Stiles and waves his hand. "On the house, kid."

The look Stiles shoots him is worth any shit he might get from Henry later.


 


Turns out Stiles' friend isn't stupid, just genuinely bad with cars, which is something Derek can work with. For an hour and a half, he works with Scott and tries not to watch Stiles take notes on Dostoevsky. Stiles proves to be extremely distracting, and after a while Derek gives Scott a complicated set of problems, leans back in his chair, fingers laced behind his head, and openly watches Stiles.

Stiles is... interesting. He's never still, ever. Some part of him is always twitching, be it fingers, feet, or lips. He seems to constantly forget how short his hair is and has tried to shove a pencil behind his ear for the third time in fifteen minutes. His teeth are white and even, a little big in the pretty bow of his mouth. Derek doesn't often let himself think about Stiles' mouth, but he can't help it; the kid never closes it. Even now when he's staring down at a fresh sheet of paper, his mouth is open, parted like he was mid-word and forgot how to speak.

Out of the corner of his eyes, Derek sees Scott watching him. He doesn't say anything; Scott nods and goes back to his notebook and Stiles lets out a huge sigh. He checks his watch—a bulky silver thing that's slightly too big for him but still so very  Stiles—and sighs again.

"You sigh a lot," Derek says, letting his eyes slip closed before Stiles looks up and catches him staring at the soft-looking skin of Stiles' neck.

"I have work in ten minutes," Stiles says. "You'd sigh a lot too if you had my job."

"Which is?"

"I work at Hot Topic, and no, you are not allowed to judge me."

"Stiles, I'm twenty-seven and I work in a coffee shop," Derek says, opening his eyes. Scott is watching them from under his lashes and Stiles is packing up, not even looking at him. ”No judgements here.”

"Dude, are you kidding? I'd love to work here."

"Really?"

"Yeah! Free coffee, and it's right by my dorm? Man, it's practically a dream job. Much better than selling shitty merchandise to kids with bad taste in music."

"Well," Derek starts, waiting until Stiles is looking at him. This is a capital-B Bad Idea but, "We're hiring right now if you want to come back in on Tuesday and apply?"

For a brief second, it looks like Stiles is going to hug him. Derek is blown away by how little he minds the idea of it. As it is, Stiles keeps up a constant stream of grateful chatter as he pushes in his chair, hugs Scott with one arm and heads towards the door. He shouts, "See you Tuesday!" over his shoulder and disappears.

Derek stares at the empty doorway until Scott taps his elbow with a pencil.

"I hate to be an asshole, but can we get through this? I really don't want to fail."

Derek suppresses a sigh and buries himself in diagrams of alternators and fuel injection flow charts for another forty-five minutes.

He tries (and mostly fails) not to think about Stiles the entire time.



 

Derek spends his weekend alone. He’s okay with it. Mostly.

He watches the news, flipping to sports any time a story concerning fire splashes across the screen. He orders enough Chinese food to last three days and doesn't talk to anyone but the woman on the phone and the delivery girl. He thinks about getting a puppy, going so far as to get in the shower so he can go pick one out before he remembers that he lives in an apartment and that puppies tend grow into dogs. He doesn't have room for a dog. He accidentally catches a  Jersey Shore  marathon and entertains the idea of dating, just in general. He's not thinking about anyone in particular, just about how nice it would be to have someone around.

He doesn't think about dating and Stiles.

And if he does...

Well, he doesn't.He sits on his balcony, pack of cigarettes in one hand, and thinks about picking the habit up again. The smokes go unsmoked, but he leaves the half-empty pack on the table anyway. He works out a lot, pushups and situps and pull ups and squats and a million other things he hated in high school, but he can do them all in his house without having to leave. He takes another shower and doesn’t bother getting dressed before falling into bed and yanking the stack of quilts up to his chin. He doesn't really like to run the heater and sometimes when it gets cold he can’t tell if it’s the air or his bones. He hopes it’s the air, but when it takes him several hours to fall asleep, sometimes he thinks the cold just lives in his bones.

When he wakes up on Tuesday, he  doesn't  spend an extra forty minutes picking out jeans and styling his hair and staring at his face, trying to decide if he should shave or not. Because it doesn't matter that the jeans he picked fit him like a glove or that his shirt is the perfect compliment to the breadth of his shoulders. It doesn't matter because Derek doesn't want anything. He hasn't really let himself want anything or anyone in a long time.

It never ends well.

One thing he does let himself want is coffee, so when he finally gets to work, he fixes himself a medium Americano and contemplates the benefits of a caffeine IV drip. Henry grunts a greeting, but otherwise ignores him in favor of some pretty terrifying bookkeeping. He absolutely does not spend the first half hour of his shift watching the door like a hawk.

Okay, so maybe he does.

Which is why he's so surprised when he turns to help the next customer and it's Stiles. Stiles, who normally subscribes to the jeans-and-t-shirts way of life, is currently wearing a crisp white shirt and a skinny silver tie under a navy blue blazer with the sleeves rolled up a little. Stiles literally looks good enough to eat. His brain sputters a little, but his voice is steady when he asks, "Stiles, right?" Cool as the proverbial cucumber.

"The one and only," Stiles says with a wide grin. "Still looking to hire?"

Derek nods. "Let me start you a drink and then I'll grab the boss."

"No, it's okay. I don't really have — "

"On the house," Derek cuts him off, pulling a medium hot cup off the stack by the register. "What's your poison?"

Stiles rattles off a long, ridiculous combination that sounds absolutely appalling to Derek's black-coffee-and-espresso-only soul, and sits at a table while he waits for it. Derek calls Henry out as he finishes the drink, securing a top neatly over an offensive amount of whipped cream. He hands Henry the cup and promises himself he won’t watch the entire interview. Deciding that now is a perfect time to reorganize the menu board, Derek grabs a step-ladder and ignores Henry and Stiles. Mostly.

Twenty minutes later, Stiles has a new job and Derek has a reason to see him four to eight hours a day, five days a week.

Derek wonders if he can trick himself into being less excited about this.

Probably not.





" — and then I told her that I didn't  care how attractive she was, she was gonna do her own damn half of the project or I was gonna be  that guy and snitch. She didn't actually do anything and she got a D and I got a B so, ah!   Shit — "

Derek isn't at all surprised to see Stiles hastily mopping up steamed milk. Again. Stiles looks up at him, sheepish, and shrugs.

"You know..." Derek starts.

"Yeah, yeah. Only one machine is automatic. I know, I know. I just..."

"Forget which is which?"

"Sometimes, yeah."

Derek shrugs. "You'll get used to it."

Stiles nods and grabs the 2% from the fridge under the counter, starting the drink over. So far, Derek's been vaguely impressed with Stiles' inherent barista abilities. Stiles took to the syrup-shot system so quickly, Derek's almost jealous; it took Derek five weeks to learn what Stiles has perfected in two.

They work well together; Stiles has this infectious laugh and Derek smiles more now than he ever did. Their sales are up and the best part is that they're not even trying. Derek just feels   better  with Stiles around. Stiles has either has no concept of personal space or chooses to eschew the entire ideal because he stands too close and frequently touches everyone and at first Derek was thrown off completely but now he craves it, craves every tiny brush of skin against his.

"So I was thinking — "

"Shocker."

"Shut up, I was thinking we should hang out this weekend."

Derek means to reply, really he does, but whatever it is that takes thoughts and turns them to words must be broken because he just stares at Stiles with his mouth open.

"I mean, for all I know, you live here, sleeping with the syrups and never escaping that old-milk smell. And that's just too tragic to contemplate. So do you wanna hang out? We could grab a pizza and watch a movie or play  Call of Duty or something. My roommate has a huge TV — way too big for our dorm, but whatever — and the mini-fridge is stocked pretty much all the time. Sounds good, right?"

His smile is so earnest, so open; he really wants Derek to say yes and something in Derek's chest tightens a tiny bit.

"I dunno, man..."

"No, listen," Stiles interjects, face deadly serious. "I'll let you pick the toppings and you can have the good side of the bed and the cold drinks from the back of the fridge — "

"I just think..." Derek says, trying not to grin. "I just think it'd be easier to hang out at my apartment."

Stiles' grin is so wide, Derek is pretty sure his face is going to split in half.

"Awesome! Okay, how about I just come home with you after work on Saturday? I can take the bus back to campus later that night? Man, this is gonna be so great!"




This is going to be a disaster.

Derek isn't necessarily an untidy person; he keeps himself and his apartment generally clean, doesn't leave dishes around, and takes out the trash every week. But he doesn't  dust. He hasn't vacuumed in at least a month and can't remember the last time he cleaned the bathroom.

And does his house  smell? He stalks through it, trying to see if it smells like dust or mold or anything. He never opens the windows and rarely goes on the balcony. Should he shampoo the carpets? Or would that be too obvious? He stands in the living room, hands on his hips. Should he just do his laundry and hope the clean linen smell will cover it?

He should definitely clean the bathroom. He sits on the closed toilet and drops his head in his hands.

He misses his mom.

It's not often he lets himself think about her and when he does, it’s a kick to the chest and he’s out of breath. She'd know exactly what to do, how to clean without making it look like he tried too hard. He  misses  her. He misses her smile and how she always smelled like cinnamon and now his eyes are burning and he refuses to cry in his bathroom. He hasn't cried in a long time.

He takes a deep, deep breath and grabs the cleaner from under the sink. It's time to get shit done.

It takes him three hours, four trips to the laundry room, and two entire bottles of 409. He sleeps with the windows open to try and disperse some of that Pine-Sol smell hanging in the air and when he wakes up on Saturday, he's pretty proud of himself. The place looks good. He runs to the grocery store before his 9am shift, picking up a few drinks and snacks. If he picks up some fruits and vegetables, it's because he really should start eating better, not because he doesn't want to look like the proverbial bachelor in front of Stiles. Because he doesn't care what Stiles thinks about the contents of his fridge. Right.

Derek is pretty sure he's not fooling anyone, but he's pretty committed to the I-don't-like-Stiles facade at this point. If he can just convince himself...


 

Saturday shifts are generally unpredictable. Derek had really been hoping for a quiet shift, but no. They're slammed the entire morning; two of the high schools have field trips and the students meet at Java Hut; a group of women from the Protestant church come in at eleven and are still there when Derek clocks out; a steady stream of lost vacationers come in, ask for directions, and leave without ordering anything; poor Stiles has to deal with not one but three different customers who send him to the stock shelves in the back to search for the perfect commuter mug. At least Stiles doesn't spill anything.

When he clocks out at two, Derek is so exhausted, he almost forgets about Stiles. He's barely paying attention when he unlocks his car and it isn't until Stiles pulls the locked handle on the passenger door that he remembers they had a date. A not-date. A hang out date. A time to hang out. He unlocks the door and Stiles slides in and turns to look at him.

"Pizza?"

Stiles is grinning, wide and contagious, and Derek feels the corner of his mouth turn up as he starts the car.

"Do I still get to pick the toppings?"

"As long as you don't pick onions."

"No onions. Got it." Derek pauses. "Beer?"

"I'm..." Stiles pulls a face and looks out the window. "I'm not twenty-one yet."

Derek blinks, eyes back on the road. He didn't know... God, Stiles is so   young  . Next to him, Stiles heaves a huge sigh. Derek takes another two seconds to decide how to respond.

"I won't tell if you won't," he says, reaching forward to turn on the radio. "Do you even  like  beer?"

"I like  some  beer. I like Miller and Budweiser, but not light. I like Coors Light — "

"Me, too. Coors Light it is."

"Okay, cool."

The rest of the drive passes in relative silence, only broken by Stiles occasionally singing softly. When they pull into Derek's apartment complex, Stiles lets out a low, impressed whistle.

"You live  here?"

Derek shrugs.

"No, seriously, you  live  here? This place must cost more a month than tuition for a quarter. Jesus Christ, why do you work at Java Hut if you can afford to live  here?"

Derek shrugs again, incredibly uncomfortable. He never thinks about it, but his complex is pretty pricey. Stiles follows him through the courtyard and past the fountain.

"Are you married?" Stiles is squinting suspiciously up at him. "Did you marry a rich old lady who pays for you to have—"

"What? No, I just—"

"Are you in the mob?"

"Stiles—"

"Secretly a model? Or a gay porn star?"

"Stiles!"

"What?" His eyes are big, innocent, and his hands are spread wide.

"I just... inherited a lot of money when my family died." After spending three nights in jail for arson even though he was two hundred miles away when it happened. "Plus I had money saved up." College fund, enough to get a PhD from any university in the state. "And then a trust fund." He doesn't look at Stiles as he unlocks the door. "So, yeah, I have money. Probably more than I should." Finally, he turns back, holding the door open. "Is that gonna be a problem?"

Stiles opens and closes his mouth a couple times before shaking his head. "Not if my being poorer than shit won't be a problem."

It's Derek's turn to shake his head as he shrugs out of his jacket.

"So," Stiles says. "Pizza?"




Derek orders two pizzas from the place down the street and bribes the guy into bringing a six-pack of Coors Light with him. They eat and they talk and they watch some godawful science fiction movie and Stiles complains the whole time but instead of being annoyed, Derek kind of thinks it's adorable. Or he would if he let himself think things like that. Stiles falls asleep sometime around seven and instead of watching him sleep (like the creeper he is), Derek tosses a blanket on him and decides to start dinner. When Stiles snorts himself awake at eight-thirty, there's chicken and salad and soda and a few half-hearted protests about Derek not driving him back to campus. Stiles loses that battle but before he leaves, he makes Derek promise to hang out again next weekend.

It becomes routine after that.

They go to work, go to Derek's, and order take out. Stiles falls asleep about half the time. Derek doesn't tease him. Much. Sometimes Stiles brings homework and studies at the table while Derek watches the news. Sometimes Derek falls asleep in front of the TV and wakes up under a blanket. Sometimes they fall asleep together and wake up side by side and kind of cold and those are Derek's favorite times.

About six weeks in, Stiles stays the night. They fall asleep between episodes of Law and Order and Derek wakes up during a basketball game, thoroughly disoriented. Stiles is snoring slightly, arms crossed over his stomach, leaning into Derek’s space, and there's daylight pouring through the blinds. Derek blinks twice before grabbing the oft-used afghan off the back of the couch and turning off the TV.

They don't really talk about it, but now Stiles stays the night and Derek learns how to use the sleep mode on his TV.

He shouldn't be surprised when Stiles asks him out one Sunday night. Shouldn't be, but he  is.

“You...what?”

“Think we should go out. Like on a date.” Stiles is lounging on the floor by the couch, barefoot, one leg on the coffee table. Derek is pretty sure he heard Stiles’ stomach growling earlier, which has to be the reason Stiles asked him out. He’s just hungry and once he gets some food in him, he’ll realize that he doesn’t want to date  Derek .

“...A date?”

“Yes, a  date,” Stiles says, hoisting himself up off the floor. He looks around for his socks and, upon failing to locate them, moves towards Derek’s bedroom, still talking. “A date. You know, where two people who like each other go out in public together.” Derek can hear him rummaging first in the closet, then through the bottom drawer of his dresser...Stiles’ drawer...the drawer where Derek keeps all of the shit Stiles leaves at his apartment and oh Christ, are they already dating? Shit.

“—we’re practically already dating anyway," Stiles says, voice slightly muffled. "I figure we should make it official or something.”

“I...” Derek starts, but the words get caught in his throat when Stiles exits the bedroom, dressed and dressed  well. For a  date. A burgundy button-down under a light grey jacket and actual dress pants instead of jeans. "I..."

"Go get dressed. I'm not taking you out in that."

Derek looks down, having momentarily forgotten what he's wearing. A dirty, oversized Styx shirt and basketball shorts. Oh. Well, in his defense, he didn't know he was going on a date.

"I should..." Words seem to fail him, but Derek's body remembers movement well enough. He stumbles to his bedroom, panicking a little. He has no idea what to wear. He strips down to his briefs and stands in front of the wide-open doors of his closet. He wonders if he can just close his eyes and wear the first shirt his hands touch. Probably he could. But then pants? And shoes? Does he even have dress shoes? Oh God, this is going to be  terrible —

"Look on your bed, you idiot."

Derek automatically obeys, nodding even though Stiles is still in the living room, watching Nickelodeon, and can't see him. Sitting on the stack of quilts he never quite got around to folding is a black v-neck, a dark grey button-down, and black jeans. He... didn't even know he owned a grey button-down. Okay. He dresses quickly, snagging his belt off the dresser and shoving his feet into the first black shoes he sees. He will not be stupid about this. He used to date a lot. He can do this.

He can totally do this.


 

Their first date goes like this: Stiles, who insists on driving everywhere now that his Jeep is up and running (thanks to Derek), drives them to this fish and chips place by the water where you eat everything with your fingers. There's a lot of talking and a lot of laughing and a lot of shoulders brushing as they wander aimlessly up and down the boardwalk. Stiles spends almost fifteen dollars on carnival games before winning a small stuffed monkey he names Charles Hemmingsfield, the Third. There might have been some hand-holding too, but Derek isn't really one hundred percent on that. He just knows that he falls asleep happy after Stiles drops him off.

Their second date involved less clothes, more daylight, and a gnarly sunburn. Derek learns the shape of Stiles' shoulders and they way his skin feels under a thin layer of aloe vera.

Third time's a charm for Derek because on their third date, Stiles kisses him, a soft, almost shy thing under the weak orange light outside Stiles' dorm. Derek is a little shocked but mostly already addicted to the raspberry-sweet taste Stiles leaves behind. 

Sometime between their sixth and tenth dates, Stiles stays the night, but sleeps in Derek's bed instead of on Derek's sofa. They have sex for the first time and it’s awkward and unhurried and perfect. Derek learns that Stiles tastes like raspberries and sunshine all over and Stiles gets to watch Derek fall apart. 

The week of their eighth date, Stiles turns twenty-one and starts talking about grad schools and a hard knot of some unidentifiable emotion takes root in Derek's belly. It festers and it grows and on their twelfth date, they have an actual fight, a screaming match about everything and nothing, but mostly about how Derek is wasting his potential and hiding things and  you should just fucking trust me, Derek; trust me like I trust you. Derek walks away, leaves Stiles with an empty table and two twenty dollar bills to cover the check. Stiles comes over later that night, throws rocks at Derek's window until he agrees to open the door. They talk all night, Derek mostly, but in the quiet moments when Derek isn't harshly grinding out his family history (how most of his family had been at his parent's ranch for Memorial Day when some nutjob woman with a history of kidnapping and arson set a fire in the basement that burned the house to the ground, killing everyone but Derek, his uncle, and his sister; unfortunately his uncle's sanity didn't survive the fire and he killed Derek's sister and then himself the following Christmas) Derek learns about Stiles, how his mom died when he was fourteen, how his father works too much, how much Stiles worries about him. He learns that Stiles has ADHD, that his real first name is something awful and unprounounceable, but he plans to have it legally changed to Stiles one of these days, that he graduated from high school early because his aunt homeschooled him for two years, that his best friend doesn’t really keeps in touch. He learns that Stiles always feels a little lonely, and because Derek knows exactly how that feels, he holds Stiles a little closer. When he wakes the next morning, he kisses an apology into the space between Stiles' shoulder blades and when Stiles wakes an hour later, he presses forgiveness into Derek's ribs with his fingertips.

After that, it's better. Stiles still pushes him to go back to school, but they're gentler pushes and Derek's mostly okay with them. Stiles spends more and more time at the apartment, enough that a drawer is no longer sufficient and Derek buys another dresser. Stiles kisses him when he comes over after class and sees it, pushes Derek right up against it, kisses him slow, like he has all the time in the world, like there's nothing more important in his life than Derek.

The intense way that Stiles feels about him—loves  him even—is overwhelming. Most days, he's okay; Derek can handle the forehead kisses and the  just 'cause  presents and the lazy way they make love in the quiet hours before dawn. He's fine until grad school acceptance letters start rolling in and Derek realizes once again how much he's holding Stiles back. There's a rock in the pit of his stomach that whispers over and over that he isn't good enough, that he isn't right for Stiles, and as time goes on, Derek's more and more inclined to agree.

Sometime after their twenty-second date—a cosmic bowling misadventure—Stiles calls Derek his  boyfriend  when he's on the phone with his father and Derek kind of loses his shit. Quietly. Well, he's quiet for about fifteen minutes.

"I can't do this."

Stiles, intent on winning this round of  Need for Speed, replies with, "Damn straight you can't. I already lapped you once, baby."

"No, I mean, I can't do this with you."

Stiles pauses the game. "Do what?"

"This!" Derek gestures between them and Stiles just stares at him with his mouth open. "Us,  this...whatever it is—"

"Dating," Stiles say, slow like he's explaining physics to a five year old. "This is what people in the real world call  dating, Derek. And you seem to be doing pretty fine to me."

He turns back to the TV as though that settles it, when clearly  nothing  has been settled at all, and something in Derek breaks. 

"No," he snarls, yanking the cord for the controller out of the console. "Get out."

"Get—What?"

"Out, get out. Take your video games and your movies and your stupid Old Spice body wash and get out of my house."

Stiles is frozen on the floor, not even blinking, just staring up at Derek with wide, hurt eyes. Fine. If he won't get his shit, Derek will.

Derek stalks to the kitchen and grabs a trash bag, intent on removing every single thing Stiles brought or left over here, but when he spins around, he slams right into Stiles. Stiles doesn't say anything; his hands grip Derek's forearms, holding himself upright, and he tilts his head to the side a little, eyes squinted like he's trying to solve a particularly complicated puzzle.

"What?" Derek snaps, taking a step back. Stiles follows him, crowding into Derek's personal space.

"Just... trying to figure it out, I guess."

"What's there to figure out? I want you to go."

"But you also  don't  want me to go."

Derek rolls his eyes. "No, I  really  want you gone. Like  now."

"Yeah, but  why?  You were fine literally ten minutes ago. What changed?"

"I just..." He doesn't really want to explain himself—doesn't know  how. "Don't want what you want."

"That's not true either. If you're gonna break up with me," Stiles says, moving closer and closer until they're pressed together. "You should at least tell me why."

"I told you. We want different things—"

"I want you. You want me. What's different?"

"You want... It's... It's not that easy, Stiles."

"Uh, yeah it is. Or it can be. It's like you're being stupid on purpose."

"Fuck off," Derek growls, brushing past Stiles into the living room. He stops in front of the DVD shelf, but can't really remember which ones are his and which ones belong to Stiles. The titles go blurry and he blinks hard, trying to clear his head, to focus. He can feel Stiles watching him, sitting on the arm of the couch just watching, and it makes him twitchy.

"You're really not gonna give me a real answer?"

"That  is  a real answer. We're... not the same. No, not  at  the same... God, fuck, which of these fucking movies are yours?"

Stiles sighs and moves across the room to stand behind him. Derek is grateful because he's pretty sure he might be close to crying and he really doesn't want Stiles to see. Stiles rests one hand low on Derek's back, pinky brushing bare skin through a hole in his t-shirt, and reaches the other arm out to pull DVDs off the shelf and toss them into the bag.

"I just," Stiles starts, voice thick. He drops his forehead onto Derek's shoulder. "Wish you would tell me what I  did ."

Derek closes his eyes. Because it's not Stiles; Stiles is  perfect, good in a way that nobody else is good, smart and selfless and brave and sweet. He’s a million things that are too good to be around Derek, this empty, going-nowhere shell of a person with too much money and not enough anything else. He shakes his head and Stiles huffs out a laugh.

"If you say that it's not me, it's you, I swear to God, I will  strangle  you."

"It's... complicated?" Has his voice ever been so small?

"No, you're  making  it complicated. It's the easiest fucking thing, you and me."

"No, it's-I mean—"

"It's just  math, Derek. It's me and you; it’s not rocket science and it's not Shakespeare." Stiles pulls away, takes the bag from Derek and drops it on the floor. He shrugs. "It's basic arithmetic and you, for some ungodly reason, never bothered to learn to add."

And then he's gone; the apartment door swings shut quietly and all Derek can hear is his own heartbeat. 
   It takes Derek maybe fifteen minutes to shove all of Stiles’ belongings into that trash bag. He cleans out the dresser and the bathroom; he collects video games and magazines with shaking hands. It takes about twenty minutes of staring at stretched black plastic for him to realize he’s being stupid. Half an hour later, everything is back where it should be except Stiles. Stiles is gone and Derek doesn’t know how to make him come back.

Because he  needs  Stiles, because Stiles makes him  happy. Because he doesn’t want to be alone anymore.

It takes Derek four seconds to grab a jacket, thirty to find his keys, and two to yank the door open and trip over Stiles, who’s sprawled out in the hallway outside his apartment.

“I, oh,” he sputters. “Um, hi.”

Stiles peers up at him, unimpressed.

“What are you... I mean, what?” Derek gestures helplessly at nothing, hoping Stiles will figure out what he means.

“You... You drove me here.”

“Oh.”“Yeah.”

Derek pulls the door closed and slides down against it. Stiles isn’t looking at him and it hurts a little.

“So. Where’re you going?”

“I was... coming to get you, actually.”

“To get me?” Stiles nods. “Of course you were.”

“To apologize, I think.”“You think.”“Because I was an asshole.”“You...think. ”

“I’m sorry.” At least that didn’t come out as a question.

“You should be.”

“Well, good. I am.”

“For what?”

“What?”

Stiles sighs. “Why are you sorry?”

It’s Derek’s turn to sigh. “For being an idiot.”“Okay, I’ll just walk home,” Stiles says, groaning a little as he shifts to his feet. “When you figure out a real apology, call me.”“No, wait!” Derek grabs Stiles by the wrist and pulls, tugging Stiles into his lap. “This  is  a real apology, okay? I’m sorry I was an asshole and I’m sorry that I tried to break up with you because you’re so... you and I’m...”

“You’re not really making any sense here,” Stiles says, voice soft as he adjusts himself more comfortably across Derek’s thighs.“You’re too good for me and I thought...” He wraps his arms around Stiles. “I thought that if I made you leave before you realized it, it would hurt less.”“What would hurt less? When I left? Derek, man, you gotta know that’s not happening.”

Derek shrugs. He knows no such thing. He’s used to it, used to everyone leaving, used to being alone.

“Derek, look at me,” Stiles commands, pulling back. “Look at me. I  love  you. I don’t  want  to leave, ever. I hate having to go back to my dorm and sleep by myself. I want to be around you all the time and you’re worried about me  leaving?”

It makes sense when Stiles says it like that, makes a lot of fucking sense.

“I...” Derek pauses, smiling softly down at Stiles. He feels a little stupid, but mostly absolutely sure that now he knows what he want. He's even pretty sure he'll be allowed to have it. He just has to trust Stiles. “I’m not worried anymore.”



Derek stops counting dates somewhere around their thirtieth. For the first time in his adult life, he has a  someone. He goes to sleep warm and wrapped up tight and wakes up cold but feeling just as safe. Stiles is a blanket hog. And he wears Derek’s socks even though Derek specifically asks him not to. Derek builds Stiles a bookshelf just to prove he can. They go on one double date with Scott and his girlfriend, Allison. Just one. Stiles moves in over spring break and they both move out the following autumn so Stiles can go to grad school in New England. They drive across the country and take three weeks instead of one and Derek can no longer say he’s never been kicked out of a museum.

When Stiles starts grad school in Boston, Derek starts as a junior at the same university. Derek gets a job at a Starbucks and refuses to let Stiles even  think  about working when he has so much studying to do. Stiles manages to befriend the women who live two doors down and they practically live on homemade baked goods for six months.

Derek relearns how to make friends and Stiles learns how to be patient.

When Stiles graduates, Derek sits in the audience with Sheriff Stilinski and when Derek graduates two days after that, the sheriff is gone, but Stiles is there. When they move to Southern California so Stiles can put his Masters in history to work, Derek buys a house and gets a job repairing airplanes. The hours are shitty but the pay is amazing and he and Stiles get the same days off.

Sometimes Derek thinks about how lonely he was before he met Stiles. And then he usually stops because Stiles is there and he remembers that he'll never have to be lonely again.The loud clattering over the threshold of the shop is familiar, as is the dark mutterings of the haggard-looking boy walking up to the counter, his brown hair tousled and looking like somebody repeatedly grabbed at it until it came up in clumps, dark blue cardigan looking like it went through a particularly vicious fight with the laundry machine. Derek smooths down his apron, clears his throat, and tilts his head a little to get the boy to look at him."Morning, Stiles. What can I get for you today?" he asks pleasantly, inordinately proud that his voice didn't crack like the last time Stiles came around. Stiles looks up at him, eyes bloodshot and bags heavy and stark against the pallor of his skin."Derek. Coffee. Now. The largest you can possibly push with as many shots of espresso that can fit."Stiles is jittering in place, hands scrabbling at the countertop a little, and Derek looks pointedly at them while dutifully ringing up his order."You sure you need this much caffeine, Stiles? I feel like I shouldn’t be enabling you here." He writes the order for an extra large red eye with three extra shots of espresso and places it on the queue counter for Boyd to make. Stiles responds with a truly impressive scowl for somebody who looks like he's spent the past two days awake by virtue of many many lattes."Shut up and get me a muffin. The carrot ones that Laura baked," Stiles growls, and Derek rolls his eyes, still heading for the baked goods display and plucking out a particularly big muffin from the basket. He places it on a plate and slides it over the counter, watching Stiles reach for his wallet in his tight jean pocket out of the corner of his eye while he adds the muffin order to the register.Stiles passes over a ten dollar bill, tells him to keep the change, and snatches the muffin and plate off the counter to hole up at his regular table. Derek just shakes his head and cashes in the bill. He doesn't discreetly watch Stiles's ass as the boy walks away.He doesn't.-The bakery is a modestly named Hale's, a little down away from the Broome Street residential college that houses many of NYU's upperclassmen. Between that and their incredibly fortunate luck of being the only place selling both baked goods and coffee within five blocks (suck on that, Starbucks), Laura and Derek's business is buoyed entirely by the virtue of caffeine-driven students and their notoriously big appetites. They also have the fortune of having the best baked goods within a 5-mile radius, courtesy of Derek's magic hands, which makes Hale's a pretty popular place for hipsters, procrastinating college students, and SoHo shoppers looking for a quick espresso and cookie.That also gives Laura and Derek an infinite supply of college workers, and their team, thus, runs like a well-oiled machine thanks to Isaac, Boyd, and Erica, who've all been employed since their first years as freshmen. And, unintentionally, due to the above average looks of their entire team, Hale's has acquired quite the reputation for their "unfairly drop-dead gorgeous model" service workers. Laura likes to put it on their adverts whenever they do Muffin Monday.Muffin Monday is also the busiest day of the week for them, because of their half-off deal on muffins. People flock to the doors as early as five AM just to get first pick at Derek's first batch of muffins (and a glimpse of Derek in his flour-covered wifebeater and apron, Erica likes to say), and rush in like it's Black Friday come early. Isaac almost got trampled his first time working the opening shift on Muffin Monday.That’s how they got Boyd, too. The boy had come in one such hectic morning for his regular rhubarb muffin, the week after Jackson had finally quit (and good riddance to that), while Isaac and Laura were frantically trying to get through everyone’s orders as quickly as possible by themselves because Erica was too sick to come in, and quietly marched up behind the counter and started taking orders without a single prompting. He’d been hired the moment the morning rush hour tapered off, and that was that.That's not how Derek met Stiles, though. -Stiles comes in Tuesdays like clockwork. He gets a large black coffee and a carrot cake muffin every time, and likes to sit by one of the corner tables hunched over his meal half-asleep until the caffeine kicks in. Then he stays for another hour on his laptop getting in last minute assignments before leaving for his classes.Not that Derek knows his schedule or anything.Derek didn't even work Tuesday morning shifts originally. He's the main baker of the store, so he gets most of the work done after closing hours and into the bright early mornings before the store opens, and then he gets the fuck out because sleep is still a thing. He usually only does midday or closing shifts because he needs to be in bakery by then anyway, but Laura managed to wheedle out a shift cover for her Tuesday morning after an ill-advised no holds barred poker night that ended with Laura's unconditioned win and a nasty hangover for Derek that Sunday night before.And it was with rather an unpleasant attitude that Derek greeted Stiles for the first time.-Derek in the mornings is a terrifying beast to bear, especially after hours of back-breaking baking and dough kneading. Boyd and Erica had to stick him by the espresso machine so he wouldn't viciously snap at any of their other customers after he rang up the first girl and left her in almost horrified tears and a complimentary bearclaw from a profusely apologetic Boyd. So, he sullenly made latte after latte for the hoards of loud college kids and busy white-collar workers while cursing Laura's very existence with each shot of espresso he poured. It's not his fault that he's nasty when he's tired; he's perfectly justified when everybody is so disgustingly chipper about the morning. Who the fuck gives them the right to tell him good morning anyway?But, in the tiny lull in between the changing of hours, a customer comes up to the counter without anyone in sight to take his order, and Derek can only look helplessly at his espresso machine for moment before taking the spot in front of the cash register with the air of a prisoner resigned to his fate. He only has a moment to steel himself before scrounging up the minimal civility necessary to ask the boy for his order, but the carefully harvested words drop right back down when he gets a good look at the customer.“He~ey, Boyd, can I get my usual with an extra muffin for the road today?” says the boy, distractedly focused with adjusting one of the straps on his backpack. He looks up ready to continue and stops, jerking his head back in visible surprise, mouth hanging open in an unfairly attractive way. “Uh. You’re not Boyd. Uhm. Where’s Boyd? Who are you? I’ve never seen you before here. Uhm. Hi.”Laura likes to say Derek was raised by wolves because he can’t socialize properly with people; Mom usually exasperatedly tells her off when Derek used to run crying to her for validation that he was a real boy when he was small. But, perhaps there’s merit to her words because all Derek can say in response is:“Either order or get out.”He wants to physically stuff the words back into his mouth and rearrange them until they come out sounding less terse and more flirty because this guy is actually so much Derek’s type, but. He grimaces as the guy’s smile falls quickly at his words, but he’s pleasantly surprised when it shoots back up with extra force.“Well, now, somebody clearly didn’t get up on the right side of bed this morning. Thankfully for you, Mr. Grumpypants, I did, and I’m willing to overlook that surliness in favor for a large light roast and two carrot cake muffins,” the guy says, hands coming to rest on the counteredge and leaning in a little. His grin is wide and mischievous, and Derek blindly imagines tasting that bright smile before blinking back to reality.Grunting, he rings up the guy’s order and slides open the baked goods display door for two muffins. He peeks out from over the display with a frown.“You want this for here or to go?”The guy, who seems to have been staring at him blankly, blinks twice before shaking his head a little. “Oh, uhm. One for here and one to go, please.” He smiles again, and Derek unconsciously smiles back a bit before catching himself and sets his face back in his default frown. He ducks back down, missing the charmed expression that crosses the guy’s face, and hurriedly pulls out a muffin to put on a small plate and stuffs the other in a brown paper bag.Coming back to the register, he plunks down the plate and shoves the bag towards the guy, who fumbles a little before grasping it properly. He then pulls off a large cup to fill with one of their signature light roasts.“You want room?” he asks in mid-pour.“Hm? Oh, no, fill ‘er up, man.”Derek hums quietly, filling the cup to the brim before capping it and sliding it over the counter.“That’ll be 5.71 altogether,” he says gruffly. The guy makes a noise and sticks in his jean pocket for his wallet and pulls out a ten.“Keep the change as tip. Hopefully that’ll sweeten your day, sourlips. Have a good one!” says the guy, sliding over the bill with a private smile, and whisks away with his food in hand before Derek can say anything back.Boyd comes back to the storefront just as the guy walks into the sitting area, and he calls out.“Boyd! My man!” He waves cheerfully, juggling his plate and coffee cup, and Boyd throws him a small smile.“Stiles. Always a pleasure,” Boyd responds, taking his place behind the counter, and looking at Derek. Derek mouths ‘Stiles’ to himself, unwillingly amused by the name, and flicks his eyes back to where the guy seats himself, privately enjoying his tall, lean form before Boyd’s pointed cough breaks him out of his gaze.He goes back to the coffee machine with a quick nod to Boyd, who only looks back at him amusedly, and spends the next hour and a half sneaking quick glances back at Stiles’ slouching form while pretending he’s completely immersed in the art of coffee-making.-Derek takes the next three morning shifts in addition to his original two closing shifts before he has to beg out from sheer exhaustion. Laura is both bemused and a little concerned with Derek’s adamant insistence on coming in mornings too, but lets it go when he remains tight-lipped.Boyd keeps laughing at Derek whenever he’s on shift with him, though. Erica and Isaac are woefully left out on the joke, and Derek’s left to deal with Erica’s pestering and Isaac’s confused puppy face whenever Boyd bursts into sniggers.He makes another five separate customers cry during those shifts.On Derek’s day off, Boyd comes by his apartment with two pies from Lombardi’s, still warm and oozing grease, after his afternoon shift ended around 5 and forces Derek to get out of bed for a thorough ass-kicking in Mario Kart. They eat in relative silence and the occasional yell of profanity when the other gleefully runs him off the track, and Derek eventually thaws out enough to partially forgive Boyd’s teasing.Derek completely forgives Boyd though, when Boyd casually tells him that Stiles is a Tuesday morning regular on his way out the door, and judging by the smug grin on Boyd’s face, he knows it too.Laura’s incredibly flummoxed when Derek volunteers himself the Tuesday morning shift the next day during their team’s weekly dinner, but agrees to switch him over with only a suspicious look at him and Boyd, who can’t help the wide grin on his face. (Asshole.)-Stiles practically beams when he sees Derek sullenly working the cash register that next Tuesday morning and practically trips over himself getting to the counter.“Lemonface! You’re here again!” he cries out happily, almost bouncing in place across from Derek. He’s wearing a beanie today and thick-rimmed glasses, and he looks delicious. Derek refuses to whimper.“Seriously? Lemonface? You’re judging me based on one encounter?” Derek gripes, just barely keeping his cool. He would do dirty things to that face, it’s ridiculous.Stiles tips his head back in a burst of laughter, clearly surprised, and Derek just wants to eat him. He can feel the tips of his ears heat up already, and he’s never been more thankful that he’s spent years mastering his poker face thanks to Laura because there’s just something about Stiles’ visceral happiness that’s so fucking magnetic that Derek wants to join in.“Fair enough,” Stiles says when he tapers off the laughter, wide smile inviting Derek to respond back in kind. “What should I call you then, sassypants?”Derek’s lip twitch as he tries to hold back his own sound of amusement. “Really? More name-calling? What are you, five?”“Then, hurry up and gimme your name if you want me to stop,” Stiles retorts, practically lounging against the countertop like it’s his, arms braced against the black surface. Derek flicks a quick glance at them and then back to Stiles’ face who licks his lips, leaving behind a wet sheen.“...Derek.” He sounds a little strangled, but he can’t help it because Stiles just pushes all of his buttons so well.“Derek,” Stiles echoes, licking his lips again.The sudden sound of the stock room door swinging violently open with Erica’s loud cursing breaks the moment, and Derek quickly clears his throat, dropping his gaze down to the cash register.“Uhm. What do you want today?” Derek mumbles, fingers curling against the keys of the register. Stiles makes a strangled noise.“I, uh, large coffee and carrot cake muffin, please,” he rattles off, snapping back up to a straight position, fingers left tapping away on the countertop.When Stiles is neatly tucked into his corner with his order, Erica immediately pounces on Derek, pulling him away from the register for Boyd to step in, and draws him to crouch behind the baked goods display.“Erica, what the hell--” Derek growls, but he stops at the sight of the wide predatory grin on Erica’s painted lips.“Is this why you took over Laura’s morning shifts, De~rek?” she asks sing-songy, teeth bared and gleaming white. He recoils a little because he has a healthy fear of his employees, even with his co-boss status.“Erica.”“Stiles? Your type is Stiles? I mean, I can totally see why, he’s gorgeous even with the awkward chatter, I’d totally tap that myself,” she crows, and Derek flushes with the momentary urge to growl at her to back off. She catches his expression, and her smile widens.“Oh my, you really do like him. That’s adorable,” she says, and has the gall to pat him on the head. Derek looks at her with what Laura likes call his bitchface, and Erica rolls her eyes before pulling back up.“Yeah, yeah, whatever. You know it’s true.”“What are the chances that Laura never has to find out about this?” Derek asks hurriedly, also rising up. Erica looks at him pityingly.“I’d give it until lunch time, if you’re lucky.”She finds out not even ten minutes after Stiles leaves the bakery.-Derek spends a week being teased by everyone, but he bears it with some grace because he spends the next two months greeting the morning with Stiles’ presence every Tuesday. It’s not pathetic, no matter what Laura or Erica say, and even if Derek wants to go beyond just seeing Stiles once a week, he’s happy enough getting to know Stiles more and more as the weeks pass.He learns that Stiles is a linguistics major, interested in going into graduate school for cognitive science, and a virulent Temple Run addict. Stiles chose to go to school in New York because he wanted to see the East Coast, having spent his formative years in Northern California, and his mother had come from Boston. He likes obnoxiously sweet pink bubble gum and listening to a wide range of music from B.I.G. to Queen, both of which he listens to with great enthusiasm as Derek has seen on three separate occasions.Stiles is also irredeemably in love with Derek’s baking, the carrot cake muffins most of all. Derek asked him once whether he’d wanted to try something new, and Stiles went on a fifteen minute exposition on how he’d tried every bit of baked good sold in the bakery and loved it all, but crowned the carrot cake muffins as king on his list because the “moist, dense cake-texture and buttery sweet carrot bits” made him want to offer both virgin sacrifices and his own “nubile, young, considered to be moderately attractive by most of my partners” body to the baker for a year’s worth of them. Derek’s ears had burned crimson, and he’d almost threw himself across the counter to take what was so freely offered except--Derek, being the incomparable genius that he was, had told Stiles it was Laura who baked the food when Stiles had looked at him with wide, inviting eyes and asked.Stupid. Stupid, stupid, stupid.-Muffin Monday opens bright and early at 6 AM to the stomping feet and bustling chatter of windswept college students and rushing office workers. Isaac agilely dodges the pushing and shoving that threatens to overwhelm as he easily unlocks the front doors, wise to his years since that horrific first day. Laura and Boyd stand resolutely at the cash registers and pastry displays, twin pasted smiles on their faces for the swarms of people filling into the bakery and the erupting sounds of loud orders and the mad scramble for a claim to a seat.Today’s Monday boasts the return of red velvet muffin tops and blood orange chocolate, two of the top flavors for the month of February, and people are clamoring to get the first fresh batch that comes out. It also sees Derek on one of his rare morning bake shifts, where he does his baking starting around 3 AM rather than his usual nighttime into early noon.Derek’s frantically shoving in trays of batter into his ovens as fast as he’s taking out the ones already done. He’s already scalded himself twice, reaching into the ovens without mitts, but his first batch is perfect, not a single muffin overcooked or too mushy. He sucks a few fingers into his mouth to try and alleviate the throbbing pain, tasting the sugary sweet batter of red velvet and raw egg. Wiping his hand on his splattered tank top and half apron, Derek quickly plucks the fresh baked muffins out of the tins, gives the blood orange chocolate ones a quick brush of a light citrus glaze, and arranges them in the display baskets before carefully stacking them on top of each other and hefting two on each shoulder to take out to the storefront.He pushes out the bakeroom with a grunt, and the loud buzzing chatter of the storefront washes over him. Derek ignores the customers as he makes his way to the display case and hands over to Laura one stack of baskets while he puts down the other and slides open the glass door so Laura can stick them in.The morning progresses for the next six hours like this, with Derek coming out every thirty minutes with a new batch to replenish the already empty baskets. In between keeping an eye on his muffins, Derek also does a couple of custom orders that Laura had sent in: two dozen chocolate banana cupcakes with a peanut butter swiss meringue buttercream frosting, a particularly huge order of 150 bittersweet chocolate sablés with a dusting of orange-flavored sugar, and a few breakfast quiches and savory ham and cheese scones for a company meeting.By the time lunch time rolls in, Derek’s about ready to throw in the towel and just collapse on the flour-dusted floor. His orders are all done, though, so he’s pretty pleased with himself, despite the fact that he’s basically using his steel tables as a makeshift stand-up bed.Laura pokes her head in and sighs when she catches sight of Derek almost sprawled across his still messy work tables. Noise from the store spill in from where Laura’s cracked open the doors, and Derek blindly flaps his hand at her to go away and take the noise with her.“Oh my god, you idiot, just go home already. I’m pretty sure we’re set for the rest of the day with today’s muffins, so you can leave and actually sleep on a real bed, you loser,” says Laura exasperatedly. Derek grunts, unable to form actual words and shifts on his spot on the table for a more comfortable position.Laura clucks her tongue. “Don’t you want to be all nicely rested and clean-looking for your morning date--I mean, shift with Stiles tomorrow?”At that, Derek’s eyes immediately wrenches open, and he lifts his head up with minor difficulty to glare at the smirking face of his sister. She waggles her eyebrows, and Derek can only scowl because what evil person would use his affections for someone to make him get up from his nice and comfy table?Still.He pushes himself unsteadily up, arms gripping the sides of the table for support, and looks blearily at his sister, who looks like she’s trying her best not to laugh at his appearance. She wordlessly points at the side of his face where it’d been laying, her other hand pressed tightly to her own to muffle the giggles, and Derek resignedly exhales and gingerly wipes at his left cheek, grimacing when it comes away sticky and wet with cupcake batter. A quick taste tells him it’s the vanilla bean cupcakes he’d done last minute, and he sighs, wiping his hand on his apron.“Oh, Derek,” says Laura with fond affection, stepping into the bakeroom, and cutting off the sounds from the storefront. She stops in front of him with a small smile and brushes his hair back, making a face when her fingers also come back sticky. “Yeah, okay, go home and take a shower, this is beyond gross.”Derek snorts and hipchecks her, and Laura rolls her eyes and throws her arm gingerly around his shoulder, avoiding the mess on his shirt, and they walk in comfortable silence back out to the storefront, Derek not quite leaning into his sister.Isaac and Boyd are running like clockwork, quickly taking down orders and filling up coffee cups and pulling out muffins and sticky buns as the queue line behind the counter ebbs and flows. Boyd is behind the register at the moment, taking the order of an office worker, it seems, so Derek just waves at Isaac, who nods back before moving his attention back to the coffee machine. Laura takes back her place at the display case, and Derek joins her, thinking to get a few pastries to snack on before he goes home for a shower and sleep.The door opens, and two boys enter in, in the middle of a conversation. Derek pays them no mind, taking a brown paper bag and contemplating the contents of the display case.“Dude, but seriously, their red velvet muffin tops are actually beyond this world, man, like it’s that good!” enthuses one of the boys by the end of the line. His brown curls flop as he hops in place, arms bear-hugging the other boy of the group. “And they only bring it in for a few times a year, okay, you gotta try this.”"I just don't see what the big deal is, okay," the other boy grumbles.“It’s Muffin Monday, Stiles, honestly. How have you never heard of Muffin Monday? You’re like here every week!”Derek snaps his head up, almost braining himself on the edge of the display case.“Shut up, Scott, you know why I’m here every week. And besides, I work at the lab on Mondays,” says Stiles, pushing Scott away with a scowl. Scott pouts and pushes back as they slowly move up to the front of the line. Derek’s watching them, half-hidden behind the case, as he curses every god that comes to mind that he looks like a fucking mess right now and why couldn’t he have just left earlier?Boyd raises his eyebrows when he catches sight of Stiles and subtly tips his head over to where Derek’s crouching behind the case. Derek doesn’t know what to do, so he just gapes back at Boyd, who snorts and turns back to greet the duo.“Morning, Scott, Stiles. What can I get for you guys?” asks Boyd mildly.“Hey, Boyd! Busy morning for you guys?” Scott greets with a smile. He stretches his neck out to check out the baked goods in the display window.“Yeah, totally. It’s Muffin Monday, you know? But the morning rush is finally over, so it should be smooth sailing from here on out,” Boyd says with a shrug.“That’s good! Anyway, do you guys have any more red velvet muffin tops because I’ve been dying to have one since last February,” says Scott, still searching the window. Boyd chuckles.“Yeah, lucky for you, Derek made his last batch just earlier. What about you, Stiles?”Stiles chokes. “Wait, wait, what? Derek?”Derek hunches in further at Stiles’ incredulous tone. Shit.“Uh huh, Derek. He’s our baker, didn’t you know?” Boyd says, nodding. Derek makes a dying noise in the back of his throat and glares at him, picturing a thousand knives raining down on the man.Stiles gawps at Boyd. “But, but, I thought Laura was the baker? Derek told me she did all the baking?”Laura, who’d been absently picking at her nails, looks up at her name and glances over to the counter.“Hm? Someone say my name?”Pointing a finger at her, Stiles says unsteadily, “Aren’t you the one who bakes all the stuff here?” He gestures to the display. “And the carrot cake muffins that I love so much?”Laura shakes her head slowly. “Not if you want the building to burn down. No, Derek’s the one who makes all our pastries.” Derek slaps a hand to his face.“Is--is Derek here? Like right now?” asks Stiles faintly. Both Boyd and Laura immediately look down at Derek, who groans softly.“Wait, dude, isn’t Derek the guy who you’ve been crushing on here?” quips Scott suddenly. At that, Derek freezes.“Oh my god, Scott, please don’t embarrass me in front of his co-workers and sister,” Stiles mutters, swiping a hand down his face. “Look, is Derek here? Can I talk to him real quick?”Laura snorts and bends down to haul a squirming Derek up from his hiding place, much to Stiles’ and Scott’s surprise.“Why don’t you take Stiles into the break room to talk, Derek,” says Laura sweetly, gripping his wrist and helpfully pointing to the door to the break room. Derek winces and nods.“Was he hiding there the entire time? Isn’t that kind of creepy?” Scott points out to Laura as they walk away.“He was raised by wolves,” Laura quips back with a shrug.-Derek clears his throat as soon as Stiles enters the room and shuts the door, ready to clear up the air.“Why did you tell me Laura did the baking?” Stiles asks right off the bat, cutting off Derek’s attempt to speak. He looks nervous, shifting from one foot to the other, with his hands jammed into his jean pockets.Derek shrugs, scratching at his chin and making a small face when he feels dried batter crumbling off.“Were--I mean, were you lying to me because you felt uncomfortable with me flirting with you all this time? I mean, I thought it was like a mutual thing? I thought I had all the signs right, the bantering and the eye fucking, but--am I wrong? Did I get it wrong?” Stiles is practically vibrating at this point, hands out and clenching in fists at his sides.Derek feels like he’s been slapped with a fish. “N-no! No, I mean, no, I wasn’t--I mean, I panicked? When you asked? I didn’t mean to say Laura, it just slipped? I didn’t, I didn’t--I mean, I am interested, I’m very interested! I just. It just came out.”“Oh. Oh. Okay,” Stiles breathes, visibly deflating in relief.“Yeah.”“You do like me, though, right? I’m not seeing things?”Derek feels his cheeks pink, and ducks his head to nod bashfully.“Yeah.”Stiles takes a deep breath, nods to himself. “Okay. Good.” Then, he throws himself at Derek, hands grabbing onto Derek’s face, and smashes their lips together.Unprepared for the sudden weight or Stiles’ unexpectedly chapped lips, Derek scrambles too late to brace himself and Stiles and finds himself suddenly horizontal on the ground with a pounding headache and the air knocked out of him from the extra baggage on top of his chest.“Ow.”“Sorry! Sorry! Oh my god, this is so embarrassing, shit,” apologizes Stiles profusely, pushing himself up onto his elbows, uncaring of the mess on Derek’s tank and apron. Derek grimaces when a particularly knobby elbow presses into his sternum, but he’s more concerned with what just happened. He stops Stiles from drawing back up completely, arms firmly wrapped around the boy’s shoulders and waist.“Stiles--Stiles--jesus, stop squirming, come on.”Stiles fights a bit against the hold, but the fight goes out of him like a deflated balloon at Derek’s words. He groans and drops back down onto Derek, legs tangling into his, and hooks his chin into the curve of Derek’s shoulder, doing his best to smother himself.“Oh my god,” he moans, muffled, and stretching out the ‘o’. Derek shifts a little, tickled by the puffs of air coming into contact with his skin, but gives Stiles a light backrub, brushing his hand lightly up and down the boy’s back soothingly.“So, uh, that was a kiss, right? You tried to kiss me?” Derek presses tentatively. Stiles groans and pushes his face further into the curve of Derek’s neck.“Can we not bring that up and pretend that it never happened?”Derek hums, and flicks his eyes down to the back of Stiles’ messy brown hair. He debates for a moment whether he should touch it or not, but takes the jump in the end, sinking his other hand into the brown locks and lightly scratching Stiles’ scalp with his nails.“We could, if you want,” Derek says consideringly, smiling at the noise Stiles makes when his hand presses particularly deep into his scalp. “But, I thought we could try it again. If you’re up for it, I mean.”Stiles pulls his head up so fast, he just misses clipping Derek in the face.“What--I mean--yes? Yes, totally, completely, I am all for that, yes. Let’s do that,” stammers Stiles, eyes wide on his face and searching Derek’s for any hint of a lie. Derek only smiles wider, though, and shifts his hands to cup Stiles’ jaw and reels him in slowly.“Yeah?”“Y-yes, fuck yes,” Stiles breathes out, only a few centimeters of space between them now. His hands are pressed warmly into Derek’s sides, shamelessly sliding up his tank and absently caressing the skin underneath, and Derek has to hold back a shudder when Stiles grazes by the jut of his hips.“Ok,” Derek whispers, flicking his eyes to Stiles’ lips and back up to his eyes, and closes the last millimeters of space as his own eyes flutter shut.It’s sweet. Of all the ways Derek has imagined their first kiss going down, sweet is the one he’d least expected; he’d imagined something hard and fast, biting and dripping with sex, tongues colliding against each other for dominance and hands scrambling over sweat-slick skin. And yet, this feels even better. Stiles is awkwardly chaste at first, keeping closed-mouthed and pressing in, but that only endears him to Derek more and more as he kisses and kisses, and slowly, Stiles relaxes into his mouth, loosening his body and opening up his lips for quick nips here and there. Derek’s hands slide up into Stiles’ hair, ruffling up and down, and Stiles runs his own against Derek’s sides, leaving a blazing trail with his touch.And then, Derek’s mouth opens and Stiles surges in, the sweetness is swept away by a tidal wave of desire and heat. Their noses bump a little as they pull each other closer, trying to enter each other’s skin through touch alone, and it’s heady, a cloying heat that envelopes them both. Stiles bites down onto Derek’s bottom lip and pulls, tongue laving away at the hurt when he lets go, and Derek shudders, arousal singing in his veins.“Oh my god!”The loud yelp Isaac lets out and his subsequent retreat out the doors is enough to break the moment, and Stiles pulls away with a quick smack to crane his neck up just in time to see the door swinging shut. He looks back down at Derek, eyebrows raised, and Derek--well, Derek’s still a little dazed from the kiss to really be firing on all cylinders at the moment.He blinks once, then twice, to shake away headiness, but Stiles’ all-too fond smile just makes Derek drag the boy back down for another kiss, to which he goes eagerly. They keep it closed-mouth this time, a series of quick, short pecks, and then Stiles pulls away to lift himself up off of Derek and the ground. Derek props himself up on his elbows and watches Stiles stretch up, his plaid button-down rising up with him to flaunt a few inches of naked skin, peppered with moles, before dropping his arms back down and covering it again.“Okay, I think we’ve kept them long enough,” says Stiles with a grin, offering his hand to Derek. Derek snorts and takes it, pulling himself up and marveling at Stiles’ surprisingly steady grip. “But I’d like to be able to do this again sometime. Preferably in a room where we wouldn’t be interrupted. Maybe some curly fries and a burger too.”“Hm,” Derek hums, reaching up and gently wiping off a streak of flour and a clump of sticky batter on Stiles’ cheek, “that can definitely be arranged. Friday sound good to you?”Stiles’ answering beam is almost heart-stopping.-The morning is long and tedious. Derek’s already had to serve four like-tempered customers who all griped about their orders, and each time, Erica or Boyd had to hold him back from throwing their coffee in their faces and their ensuing lawsuits. By the fifth customer who leaves with her raspberry scone and a sourer look than she’d come in with, Derek’s about ready to just exile himself to the bakeroom so he wouldn’t have to deal with any more snippy customers.Thankfully, Stiles chooses this time to breeze into the bakery, and his adorable face squint is enough to brighten up Derek’s day entirely. He marches to up to the counter where Derek’s working and plants himself squarely in front of the register, arms crossed.“Morning, Stiles,” Derek says, trying not to grin. Stiles huffs, and unfolds his arms to lean in.“You left me hanging in bed again this morning, you asshole,” he growls, mock-angry. “I was hoping for a little morning lovin’, and you weren’t there when I turned around to get the party started.”“Stiles, I realize you think it’s cute when you air out your bedroom activities in public, but it really isn’t,” says Erica drily as she passes by, on her way to the break room. Stiles gets an offended look and flips her the bird.“Fuck you, Erica, I’m adorable,” he calls out, with the nose wrinkle that Derek just wants to smooth out with his face. And he does, drawing a still-open-mouthed Stiles into a kiss, licking into his pliant mouth before pulling away.“I’ll make it up to you tonight when I get home then,” Derek promises, and Stiles, still lost in the sudden kiss, stares blankly at him for a few moments before responding.“Hm...ah, yeah, okay. Good. Good.” Derek tries to hide his smirk before a hand, but Stiles catches him and rolls his eyes. “Oh, shut up and get my coffee.”Derek snickers, but gets his usual for Stiles. Bucky stands with his back turned to the two ovens, staring at the three bottles of food colouring on his counter. He’s narrowed it down to three choices of red, blue, or yellow – or maybe orange? It’s a cold rainy Wednesday in October, with Halloween themed everything all around him, but he’s already made white chocolate ginger biscuits today and pumpkin pie is always on the display all throughout fall and winter. He puts the yellow back in the drawer and mixes the red and blue into the cupcake frosting bowl, and stirs it gently until the white cream turns lilac. Bucky smiles to himself; at least now when Angie figures out that he’s been at the bakery since 4AM, he can distract her with the cupcakes instead of trying to come up with excuses again.The oven timers ring one after the other and Bucky sets the frosting aside, grabs the oven mitts from the counter and goes to retrieve two pans of apple pies (an all-time best-seller) and one of pecan brownies. He sets them on the cooling racks and goes back to the cupcakes, but there’s another ring, indicating that someone has walked in through the front door of the bakery. Bucky straightens up from where he was bending to spoon the frosting onto the cupcakes. The clock on the wall tells him it’s almost 5AM, and he doesn’t usually have customers at this time of the day.Balloon whisk still in his hand, Bucky wanders to the front of the shop, where he finds a blond man looking at the display.“Um-” The man takes a step back. “Are you open? ‘Cause I saw the light was on and-”“Yeah, I guess we are open.” Bucky interrupts him because he suspects that at the rate his whole face is turning red, the man might just spontaneously combust. “Just don’t usually have customers at this hour,”“Oh, right,” The blond gives a small smile, the corner of his mouth quirking up slightly.Bucky just about loses it. The man is small, much shorter than him and the kind of skinny that Bucky had outgrown during puberty, with blonde hair swept to the side and bright blue eyes that light up when he smiles; but, god, that smile -“Hang on.” Bucky spins and walks back into the kitchen, where he leaves his whisk and unwraps his apron from around his waist. Then for good measure, he unties his hair and pulls it back into a neater ponytail, even though it’s just barely long enough to be tied back. There’s no mirrors around and he’s not gonna keep the man waiting by going to the bathroom, so he pats his face and really, really hopes there’s no flour, or chocolate, or – god  – purple frosting anywhere on his face, as he walks back into the front of the shop.The man smiles again when he sees him, and Bucky’s breath catches in his throat, but he smiles back.“So, what can I do you for?”The man turns to look at the displays in the corner as a way of hiding his blush, but Bucky notices anyway. “What would you recommend?” he asks, turning to look at Bucky again.“Well, you’re awake at 5 in the morning so coffee, maybe?” Bucky gives him his most charming smile. “I’m Bucky, by the way,” he says as he extends his hand. “Nice to meet a fellow early riser,”“Steve,” The man – Steve – says after a small laugh. “More like an insomniac, though. Can I get a black coffee and a slice of apple pie?”“Sure thing,” Bucky can’t help but smile as he turns around and starts the coffee machine. He goes to retrieve the pie from the display and stops. “You know what, there’s freshly made pie in the back. I’ll go get them.”“Oh no, that’s okay-”“They’re warm from the oven!” Bucky calls out as he disappears into the back of the shop. The pies have started cooling down, and are just the perfect serving temperature. He smiles as he cuts one of them into ten equal slices, puts two on a plate next to a fork, and brings them to Steve. “Here you go,”Steve looks at the plate and then at Bucky again. “I asked for one slice?” he says, with a slight question in his tone, as if he’s not actually sure.“Well, you’re gonna want a second one anyway.” Bucky winks at him and turns to pour the coffee into a mug.“That’s a bit presumptuous,” Steve’s tone doesn’t sound offended, but when Bucky looks at him he notices a slight frown creasing his forehead. Bucky’s smile is amused.“I’m just proud of my creations.” He grabs the coffee cup and turns to serve it… and almost drops it.Steve makes the most obscene moan at his first bite, his eyes grown wide. All Bucky can do is stand frozen in his spot, staring at Steve; he thinks maybe he should start praying right about now otherwise the Devil himself will be greeting him at Hell’s gates when he dies. Which, incidentally, could also be happening right now.“This is so good,” Steve takes another bite and hums in approval.Bucky swallows hard, pushes away the utterly ridiculous, and very shameful thoughts that sprang into his mind through no fault of his own. “Told ya,”“I’m having a Ratatouille moment,” Steve sets his plate by the counter next to the coffee he’s just been served and gets out his wallet. “I can say it’s just like the ones my mom used to make when I was little.”He smiles again. Bucky’s heart is doing somersaults, and he’s smiling goofily back at Steve before he glances at the wallet and realises he’s yet to ring up the order. Get your shit together, dumbass, he tells himself while he counts the change and hands it back to Steve. Then he does the exact opposite; he gets himself a cup of coffee and a slice of pie and joins Steve by the table near the window.Outside is still dark, and the rain has slowed down to a faint drizzle. Steve smiles again when Bucky sits opposite him, and all Bucky can think about is how he’d spend the rest of his life trying to make Steve smile, and holy shit he did not just think that.“So,” he clears his throat before he speaks. “How come you’re up so early anyway?”“Or so late,” Steve corrects him again. “My roommates were being really loud, and I’m a really light sleeper.” He takes a sip of his coffee. “I didn’t even go to bed early and still only managed to get a total of three hours of sleep.”Bucky nods, understanding. “Wild partiers?”Steve snorts. “Couple who fight a lot.” He rolls his eyes.“Oh, that’s even worse.”“Not as bad as make-up sex.”Bucky makes a face of disgust. “Now that’s just gross.”Steve laughs, and drifts his attention back to his pie, already starting on the second slice. “This is amazing, by the way, did I mention that?”Bucky smiles in response. He finds himself smiling the whole way through their conversation and is still smiling when Steve finally gets up and says he’s heading home to take a nap, and even later on, when Angie shows up for work and narrows her eyes at him.“What on earth have you been up to?”Bucky snaps back to reality and straightens up. He really can’t hide anything from her, even though he thinks having a dopey smile while drying up cupcake trays isn’t being inconspicuous, really.“Nothing,” he says as innocently as possible. “I got some work done, is all. And hey look, I made cupcakes for you!”Angie is clearly not buying it, but she takes the cupcake that she is being offered. “Well good, because I didn’t have time for breakfast.” The door rings as someone walks in and she grabs her apron and heads to the front of the store. “I’m gonna find out what you were up to, Buck!” she gives him a look and smiles cheekily.Bucky rolls his eyes and follows her, looking forward to getting through the morning rush and head up to his apartment to get a few hours of sleep, at least - and not think of Steve, or try to anyway.  The Krispy Kreme Doughnut Cafe is close to Jeongguk's place, nestled in between a 24-hour convenience store and an old fashioned laundromat. It's a tiny space, standard in its layout and almost forgettable.Seokjin is always raving about how good their doughnuts are and he gets so dramatic when Jeongguk says he's never tried it. So when Jeongguk finds himself bored at the laundromat one day, waiting for his white t-shirts to finish their cycle, his curiosity peaks. That's where it starts off: one coffee and a doughnut. And maybe the second time Jeongguk does laundry, he grabs another coffee and a doughnut. And then maybe another the third time around. And then another and another until he's going there on his own, with or without his laundry. "You're addicted," Seokjin says when Jeongguk brings the box home the second time that week. Seokjin's one to talk considering he's already reaching for it, making grabby hands in Jeongguk's general direction. "I'm not addicted." Jeongguk mutters indignantly. "We've eaten the same amount." "Okay, fine, we're addicted." Seokjin opens the box and takes a big whiff. "Oh my god. Heaven on earth."Jeongguk rolls his eyes, but doesn't disagree. Their doughnuts are really fucking good.—Jeongguk is most familiar with Namjoon, who serves him with a friendly, dimpled smile and always recommends a ton of novels that Jeongguk will most likely never read; but the thought is sentimental and nice. Other times, he's served by Hoseok, who's sunny and bright and tries to make Jeongguk laugh when he can. But when Jeongguk walks into the shop for a coffee run one morning, he comes face-to-face with someone he doesn't recognize. The person behind the counter is wearing the standard uniform—a white t-shirt with Krispy Kreme written across the chest in a bright red cursive and a beige baseball cap. He's wearing the cap backwards and Jeongguk can see wisps of blonde hair sticking out in an unruly manner. The guy is shorter than him, smaller in stature and frame, leaning against the counter, tapping his pen against a black leather notebook. It takes him a while to acknowledge Jeongguk and when he does, he looks bored and uninterested. It makes him seem intimidating despite his size, something Jeongguk isn't used to, not when he's usually served by friendly and comforting faces.  "Hey," Blondie greets. Much to Jeongguk's surprise, his voice is low and rough, but its monotonous in its inflection, like the world could end right at this moment and he wouldn't even notice. "How's it going?""Uh," Jeongguk says, lamely. "Hi. Good." "What can I get you?" Jeongguk knows his order, usually gets the same thing every trip and it really shouldn't be a big deal, because a store is allowed to have more than two workers. But the lack of familiarity with the guy behind the counter makes Jeongguk blank out. Blondie raises an eyebrow at him, but he doesn't push. "Uh, sorry, I'll just have a small iced coffee and a box of glazed donuts," Jeongguk says in a small voice. "Sure," Blondie replies and rings up his order. When Jeongguk pays and Blondie closes the box of doughnuts, Jeongguk stutters out, "Can I get a bag?" "Sure, that'll be $10 extra."For a second, Jeongguk thinks he's heard it wrong. But Blondie says it so seriously, face completely expressionless that Jeongguk stops rummaging through his wallet to gape at him. He's about to protest (since when do plastic bags cost that much? Namjoon always gives—), but Blondie cuts him off. "I'm kidding." Blondie says, face still serious and unwavering. "Here you go. Take care." It takes Jeongguk an embarrassingly long time to grab the bag, but when he does, he darts out of the shop, feeling flustered and embarrassed, the tips of his ears hot and burning.—It's really not a big deal. Jeongguk has had worse social encounters before, including the time he accidentally called the pizza delivery guy "mom." But for reasons unknown to him, Jeongguk keeps fixating on it, replaying it over and over again in his head. He thinks about how it would've panned out if he had been quick on his feet, if he had made the joke first. Would Blondie be impressed? Amused? Nonchalant? But no matter where the scenario takes him, the one thing Jeongguk keeps coming back to is how mortifying it was; so mortifying that he almost doesn't want to go back, scared that he'll embarrass himself again, fall victim to Blondie's scrutinizing gaze and his unrelenting monotonous tone. But Seokjin is right: Jeongguk is addicted.When Jeongguk enters the shop, his palms are sweaty as he catches the same hunched figure behind the counter, this time on his phone."Hey, how's it going?" Blondie says in the same uninterested tone. The baseball cap is gone and there's blonde hair falling into his eyes. "Good," Jeongguk replies instinctively, even though he feels anything but. He feels nervous, the kind that starts from the pit of his stomach and crawls its way to his throat. He tries not to think about it. Jeongguk orders his usual, something small and easy for him to carry, because apparently, asking for a plastic bag gets him too flustered. Keep it simple, Jeon, keep it simple. Blondie rings up his order and announces his total in a flat tone. Jeongguk hands him a bill and Blondie opens the register. "Um, actually, I think I have some change," Jeongguk says and sifts through his pocket for the remaining twenty-nine cents. When Jeongguk hands the change over, Blondie accepts it but freezes. Naturally, Jeongguk stills too, wonders if he said something stupid without even knowing. He's about to ask what's wrong, but Blondie speaks first.  "Oh my god, what am I going to do with this?" Blondie says in a loud voice that startles him. "Why would you give me this after I already punched it in? Don't you know odd change confuses cashiers!" Jeongguk is completely taken aback, his outstretched hand nearly knocking over the tips jar. Immediately, Jeongguk thinks about stuttering out an apology even though he has no idea what he's apologizing for. He was trying to make Blondie's life easier, wasn't he? All he wants is five dollars change back, why is that so—Suddenly, Blondie dumps the change and scoops up a five dollar bill from the register. He hands the bill over to Jeongguk, his face a blank canvas as if nothing even happened."I'm kidding. I can do basic math, kid. There you go. Have a nice day." Without hesitating, Jeongguk grabs the bill in haste and bolts right out of the shop. He swears the last thing he sees is Blondie looking smug and amused.—So for the next couple of days, Jeongguk settles for shitty instant coffee and horrible vegan pastries at the bakery across the street. But one way or another, Jeongguk comes crawling back. This time he blames Seokjin, who practically twists his arm so he can get him donuts. When Jeongguk follows the familiar route to the shop, he realizes that, despite feeling absolutely mortified with every interaction, Jeongguk almost wants to see if Blondie is there. The coffee and donuts are good, sure, but a part of him wants to find out what Blondie plans on saying next despite Jeongguk always being the butt of the joke. He starts to wonder if he has masochistic tendencies.When Jeongguk walks in, Blondie is nowhere in sight. Instead, he's greeted by Namjoon. Jeongguk deflates a little with relief and swallows down the faint disappointment bristling in his chest. "Hey, Jeongguk," Namjoon smiles. "Haven't seen you in a while." Jeongguk smiles back, "Yeah. How are you?" "Good, good. I'm actually almost done my shift. I'm just waiting for my coworker to cover for me," Namjoon tells him. As if on cue (and because apparently nobody else works here), Blondie comes out from the back, putting on the ugly beige baseball cap looking like he wants death. "Hey, have you met—" Namjoon starts to say, but when Blondie catches sight of Jeongguk, he cuts Namjoon off."Suga," Blondie says in an uninterested drawl. Namjoon raises an eyebrow at Blondie, but doesn't say anything. Jeongguk feels very confused. "Suga," Jeongguk repeats. "Like... Sugar but without the R?" It sounds like a joke; Jeongguk is sure it's a joke, but Blo—Suga just nods, his expression still the same. He turns to Namjoon and mutters, "Get out of here. You're done." Namjoon looks at Jeongguk and then back at Suga. Something dawns on him then and suddenly, he looks very amused. Jeongguk feels like he's watching an inside joke being shared, one that he's definitely not apart of. The nervousness comes back as Namjoon waves goodbye and Jeongguk is left with... Suga. "Hey kid, how's it going?" "Good," Jeongguk says, his voice suddenly raspy. He clears his throat, "How are you?" "I'm good, what—""Can I get a small coffee?" "—can I get you?" There's a very short and awkward pause where Jeongguk has to use all his energy to stop himself from closing his eyes and letting out a big, exasperated sigh. He blames his parents (and maybe Seokjin) for being this socially stunted. But the corners of Suga's lips are quirked upward, the first real emotion Jeongguk has seen from him since he started working here. "Sure. Give me a second.”When Suga hands him his coffee, Jeongguk almost drops the cup and maybe it has nothing to do with how hot the cup is and everything to do with the brush of their fingers. He really needs to get himself together. Suga looks unaffected. While Jeongguk fishes through his wallet for change, he can see Suga in his peripheral, giving him a once-over like he's about to devour him. The AC whirs in the background, but Jeongguk's face feels hot. "So your name is Jeongguk?" "Yeah," Jeongguk says, mouth dry. "And your name is... Suga?" "You sound like you don't believe me," Suga says, but he doesn't sound offended, just slightly bored. "What? It doesn't fit me?"It's the first time Jeongguk gets a good look at him. Suga is fair, pale skin glowing under the ugly fluorescent light, almost translucent. There's a sharpness around his eyes that Jeongguk hadn't noticed before, but the curve of his cheeks, the outline of his jaw are soft, muted. It does fit him in a way, Jeongguk thinks idly. Suga tilts his head slightly and the sudden movement startles him. Jeongguk's gaze darts from pink lips to dark brown eyes and it makes him realize belatedly that he's staring. Jeongguk clears his throat, feels the flush creeping up his neck, "Um. Here." He hands over the change and Suga silently accepts it. "I gave you exact change this time so you don't have to freak out," Jeongguk explains. It's supposed to be a joke, some lame attempt at witty banter, but it comes out way too clipped and serious. It makes Jeongguk think twice about opening his mouth. Suga's composed himself back to his impassive state of being at this point, but there's something colouring his tone when he says, "That's very considerate of you, Jeongguk." When he closes the register, he gives Jeongguk another once-over. It looks like he wants to say something but he just nods. "Have a good day, kid." "Thanks, you too." It takes about half the day for the nervousness to ebb away, but for the first time, Jeongguk leaves the shop without feeling mortified.—Suga isn't always there, but when he is, Jeongguk finds he doesn't feel as nervous. The sharpness of his face and the dark slope of his eyebrows still intimidate Jeongguk, but they've become something familiar, calming almost, making it easier for him to order something without wanting the floor to open up and swallow him. Jeongguk realizes that they're both not one for small talk, which he feels grateful for, especially on days where he's running on nothing but a thirty minute power nap and some disgusting protein drink Jimin shared with him during dance practice. Maybe it's wishful thinking, but it's almost as if Suga knows, knows by the way Jeongguk's shoulders are hunched and the way he fidgets that he's having a bad day. Suga never says anything, but he always leaves room for milk in Jeongguk's coffee, throws in an extra doughnut or two, sometimes adds a flavoured espresso shot when Jeongguk looks like hell. It's the tiniest gesture, but it feels amplified, special even, Jeongguk dares to think. But he tucks that thought away, stubs it before it can blossom into anything further. Jeongguk is in a good mood today when he walks in. Suga doesn't even bother to look up when he says, "You're going to burn a hole in your wallet if you keep this up." He's sitting on a stool behind the counter, wearing a dirty green apron, scrolling idly through his phone. There's a rosy glow on the apple of his cheeks, something Jeongguk definitely doesn't notice first.On the counter is a silver tray with small bite-sized pastries, meticulously and colourfully decorated. "Did you make these?" Jeongguk asks. Suga grunts in acknowledgement. "Are they free?" Suga looks up at him through dark lashes and says, monotonous as usual, "No. You have to pay with a smile." Unexpectedly, Jeongguk lets out a laugh. He's had his fair share of awkward laughter and forced smiles, but this, this feels natural. Jeongguk likes to think he's become particularly perceptive of Suga's emotions. It's not hard; Suga has the same bored, uninterested look on his face all the time that it makes it easy for Jeongguk to pick up little micro expressions, ones that hint at a real, tangible emotion. Jeongguk thinks he imagines it for the most part; imagines a ghost of a smile, the glint of amusement in his eyes. But there's no denying that something changes in Suga's face then when Jeongguk laughs, something involuntary and out of his control. It takes them both by surprise.Jeongguk suddenly feels bold and grins again, "Can I take one now?"  "Go ahead, kid," Suga says, but his voice wavers the slightest. "Anything else you want?" Jeongguk decides spontaneously on a coffee even though he's had enough energy drinks to keep him up for the next two days. But there's something about this moment, the electricity of it all, that makes him want to prolong it. So he watches silently as Suga rings up his order. Jeongguk comes in so often that Suga knows his order by heart, always makes his coffee without a hitch. But this time, Suga fumbles, knocks over a couple of coffee lids when he caps Jeongguk's cup. Suga slides his coffee towards him and grunts out the total. Jeongguk feels giddy as he hands over the change. "Thanks," Jeongguk says, feeling brave. He smiles, "Have a good day." "Yeah, you too, kid," Suga says, carefully composed now and back to his neutral expression. But Jeongguk has already seen it falter. When Jeongguk leaves the shop, he makes sure he looks extra smug and amused.—"Hey, you know the blonde guy who works with you? Suga isn't his actual name, is it?" "What?" Hoseok says distractedly when he pokes his head from under the counter. "Suga?" "Yeah. He told me his name was Suga and that's what I've been calling him this whole time."Hoseok stares at Jeongguk for a moment before he barks out a laugh. He shakes his head, "Nah, his name is Yoongi." "Yoongi," Jeongguk repeats, like he's testing the way it sounds. Yoongi. It rings clear in Jeongguk's head, reverberates somewhere in his chest. His skin prickles again, a tingling sensation that makes him bite back a smile. Jeongguk is in mid-thought, wonders why he didn't think of this earlier when Hoseok continues, "Last time, he told a customer his name was Salt. Or maybe he said Pepper, I don't remember. He likes to do that a lot though. He gets bored when he's working."Jeongguk huffs out an awkward laugh at Hoseok's anecdote, but the words are already seeping into his system. Yoongi does this with everybody. With all his customers. When Jeongguk says it that way, he feels overdramatic, stupid even. It should've been obvious. Of course Yoongi does this with everybody. It isn't in his job description and he isn't the friendliest person in the world, but it's his own endearing way of connecting with people. He must have a ton of interactions like this. It makes him realize his interaction with Yoongi isn't any different. If anything, it's boring. There are people out there who don't stutter out incoherent sentences more than half of the time like he does. There are people out there who know how to handle a joke without gaping at someone like a fish out of water. His interaction with Yoongi isn't any different.Hoseok hands him his doughnuts and waves Jeongguk off with a big grin, but he feels like he's on autopilot as he thanks Hoseok and leaves the shop.  Jeongguk has no idea where this is coming from, but he can't seem to shake off this feeling. He's so distracted that he doesn't hear Seokjin calling out his name when they're sitting down for dinner. "Hey," Seokjin says softly, tapping Jeongguk on the wrist. "Are you okay?" Jeongguk snaps out of it long enough to nod quickly. "Yeah. I'm fine." Seokjin looks unconvinced, but he doesn't probe.Later that night when Jeongguk tries to fall asleep, he remembers that thought tucked away somewhere in the back of his mind—special—and remembers stubbing it out before it could grow out of control. Jeongguk realizes that maybe he never had control over it in the first place.—He isn't purposely avoiding it or anything. He's just been busy with classes and with dance practice, with fifteen page papers and all of his midterms. And maybe his taste buds have finally gotten used to the watered down, bitter instant coffee he makes at home that he doesn't need to make trips to the shop anymore. This is supposed to be a good thing anyway. Krispy Kreme is ridiculously unhealthy and Jimin always jokes about all the doughnuts he eats turning themselves into love handles (Jeongguk doesn't have love handles, thank you very much). So it's fine, really. Jeongguk doesn't need to go back.Except Seokjin is oblivious to this thought (an unfortunate drawback of keeping secrets from him) and practically drags Jeongguk by the hem of his shirt, crying about his low blood sugar and declining energy. When they walk into the shop, Yoongi isn't behind the counter, but Hoseok is there, busy rearranging the doughnuts on display. "Jeongguk!" Hoseok grins in greeting."Hey," Jeongguk says, smiling back, "Hoseok, this is Seokjin, my roommate." Seokjin beams at Hoseok and they start up a small conversation about something that Jeongguk doesn't pay attention to. Jeongguk doesn't plan on ordering anything (he actually plans on making himself as small as possible) so he lets Seokjin take the reign. Jeongguk is scrolling idly through old text message threads as a distraction when he hears a familiar, rough timbre call out his name. It almost makes Jeongguk's knees buckle in surprise."Jeongguk." Yoongi's voice sounds mostly disinterested, but Jeongguk thinks maybe there's a softness around the syllables when he says it. That thought alone—imagined or not—makes his brain short circuit. "Long time no see." Yoongi looks the same, pale skin illuminated and soft, but his hair looks more golden, a syrupy butterscotch kind of blonde. Yoongi's uniform is stretched out across his shoulders and there's a smudge of flour against his cheek. Jeongguk is tempted to brush it away. "How's it going?" Yoongi asks, looking intently at him. "Good, fine. Busy," Jeongguk stumbles out in clipped tones and avoids any eye contact."Did you stop coming because you read our calorie chart?" Yoongi says, leaning on the counter, resting his chin against his hand. Even that movement makes Jeongguk feel nervous. "Or did you run out of money?"Jeongguk lets out an awkward laugh. He doesn't mean to make things uncomfortable, but it comes out strained and Jeongguk isn't the only one that catches it. If Yoongi notices, he doesn't say anything. He simply asks, "Did you want anything?" "No, I'm just here with my roommate," Jeongguk says and then panics before he can stop himself. "Um, I'm just going to wait outside." Yoongi raises an eyebrow at him, but he nods, lips pressed into a thin line.  It takes all of Jeongguk's self-control not to run right home and bury himself under his sheets.—"Hey." Jeongguk doesn't look up from his microeconomics textbook even though he's been highlighting the same passage for the last twenty minutes. "Someone dropped by earlier. They left something for you.""If it's a sweater, you can just toss it in my laundry bin," Jeongguk says dismissively, thinks idly of Jimin borrowing his blue sweatshirt. Seokjin disappears momentarily and when he comes back, it's not a sweater he's holding, but a box Jeongguk knows too well and a cup of coffee. Seokjin leaves it on his desk, gives him a reassuring smile before stepping out. It's been a couple of weeks since his last visit to Krispy Kreme (since his last encounter with Yoongi, his mind adds unhelpfully). It's not like he has withdrawal symptoms or anything; it's not like he misses the smoothness of their coffee or the way the pastries melt in his mouth. And Jeongguk definitely doesn't miss anybody at the shop in particular; he doesn't think about the veins in Yoongi's arms or his collarbones jutting out under his t-shirt. It's not like that at all. So Jeongguk wonders for a long time who could've dropped this off. Hoseok, maybe, because he's so good natured. But after a while, Jeongguk goes back to his textbook and tries to focus, thinks about the ceteris paribus assumption and the theory of demand. But all the words jumble together, rearranging themselves into distorted shapes and colours while the box haunts him in his peripheral. Jeongguk is about to call for Seokjin, tell him he can have the doughnuts, something Seokjin would gladly accept, but he catches a glimpse of a sticky note attached to the side of the box, a messy scrawl scratched on the surface.Hey kid piques his interest and he almost knocks the coffee over as he scrambles to read the rest of the message.Have you been cheating on us with that bakery next door? (Don't tell Hoseok, he'll be heartbroken). You didn't hear this from me, but those vegan pastries talk shit about you. These doughnuts are your real friends. They miss you. Come back when you can. You're literally our only customer. P.S. Donut worry, two vanilla espresso shots just in case you're dying. P.S.S. Krispy Kreme does delivery now. Next time you come in, you owe me $5. Delivery fee and all that. Suga x Jeongguk reads the note about five times after that and each time, there's an explosion that goes off in his stomach, obliterating everything in its wake. Something wells up in his chest at the thought of Yoongi dropping off the box at his doorstep. Jeongguk imagines him looking embarrassed, flustered even and he starts wondering, wants to know what that looks like.  Jeongguk decides then that maybe one doughnut wouldn't hurt, that maybe it's okay to go back. When he bites into the pastry, he lets out a victory cry that startles Seokjin so much, Jeongguk hears him yelp from the living room.—He thinks he should play it cool, wait a few days before he goes in so he doesn't seem too eager. But he has so much contained anticipation thrumming in his body, he doesn't think he can wait. Yoongi is behind the counter, writing something down in a black leather notebook. When Jeongguk walks in, Yoongi doesn't move languidly like he often does; instead, his head darts up to see who it is. "Hey," Yoongi says. Jeongguk knows he isn't imagining things anymore, because Yoongi's voice is soft and gentle when he asks, "How's it going?" Good. Fine. I came back because I heard I'm your only customer. I can't let this business run to the ground. It wouldn't be fair to Hoseok and Namjoon is what Jeongguk plans on saying. But Yoongi is standing in front of him, looking expectant, shy almost and Jeongguk's brain malfunctions so bad, his brain-to-mouth filter turns to liquid."Your name is Yoongi, not Suga," Jeongguk blurts out, "You've been messing with me this whole time and your doughnut pun was literally the worst thing I've ever read and your deadpan humour freaks me out but... I like it." I like you is what he doesn't say and he's never been so grateful in his life for knowing when to stop; his whole body already feels like it's on fire from the embarrassment. Yoongi stares at him for such a long moment that it makes Jeongguk feel like maybe he overstepped a boundary between them; like maybe Jeongguk read this all wrong and Yoongi was just being friendly; like maybe he never really wanted Jeongguk to know his name, just wanted to keep a lighthearted customer/worker relationship rather than being—Jeongguk stops mid-thought, because suddenly, Yoongi is laughing; an almost silent, tinkling sound that makes something twist in Jeongguk's chest. There's a full blown grin on Yoongi's face that curves his eyes into little crescents. It should be considered strange that after all this time, Jeongguk has never seen Yoongi smile. But now, when Yoongi is beaming at him, face alight with emotion, all pretenses of boredom and disinterest gone, Jeongguk thinks the timing is just right. "I do like messing with you," Yoongi says, his smile softer, relaxed. "You're funny, Jeongguk." A momentary braveness sweeps over him, makes him blurt out, "You have a really nice smile, you know that? Why don't you do that more often?" Jeongguk flushes and Yoongi looks surprised. His face turns a little pink, something Jeongguk isn't used to seeing, but suddenly wants to see all the time. Yoongi composes himself long enough to say, "Are you flirting with me?" "Maybe." "Flirting isn't free here and you already owe me five bucks," Yoongi says, attempting the same uninterested tone, but he struggles. Something about that makes Jeongguk smile."How much does it cost to take you out?" Jeongguk presses. Yoongi barks out another laugh, short and sweet, "I'm not that easy, you know." He pauses, biting back a smile. "I finish work in two hours. Are you free later?" "Yeah, I think so." "Good," Yoongi looks pleased., "Come back later and I'll try to smuggle you some doughnuts." "Okay," Jeongguk grins. "It's a date."Before Jeongguk walks out, he doesn't miss Namjoon's voice filtering from the back, yelling, "You guys are fucking disgusting, I hope you know that!"—"High metabolism?" Jeongguk offers with his mouth full as they walk side by side. He swallows and says. "I didn't just come for the coffee and doughnuts, you know."Yoongi grimaces again, but there's a fondness that Jeongguk doesn't fail to catch. "I knew it. I can't believe Namjoon has you smitten." Jeongguk laughs and his face softens, "Yeah, he definitely does." Yoongi looks at him for a long moment, his face a blank canvas, "If you're going to kiss me, that's going to be—"$10 extra, yeah, I know," Jeongguk grins and leans in. “Clint. Clint. Clint.”Clint vaguely registers the use of his name, though doesn’t break his gaze from where he’s staring vacantly down at the cash register. He hums noncommittally, blinking slowly and thinking of his bed and his blankets and his pillows-“Clint!”A paper cup hits him on the side of the head and he jerks back to reality, turning to scowl at the culprit. Bucky has another cup in his hand, ready to fly, but rolls his eyes and puts it down as Clint glowers at him.“I said, stop staring at the register and go and check milk stock,” he says. “Nat’s just opening up.”“Aw, milk,” Clint complains, ending his objection with a jaw cracking yawn. “Do I have to?”“No,” Bucky says, “But if you don’t I’ll complain to Nat that you’re making the poor one-armed veteran do all the work.” He shrugs his shoulder, waving his sleeve-covered stump at Clint with a shit-eating grin firmly in place.Clint scowls. “Dick move, Barnes,” he says, but does deign to push himself away from the register and slump through to the back to check the stock as the doors are opened and the day begins. He doesn’t hear anyone come in but trusts that the seven am regulars will be straight in through the doors as per usual.It’s not a bad place to work, really. A far cry from his deployment in South America with his spec-ops unit, but not bad. He’s got friends here, for starters. Also, his boss understands the ins and outs of PTSD and even if he’s as scary as fuck, he’s incredibly cool about Clint’s occasionally ‘flexible’ schedule. It mostly happens on days following nights where things get especially difficult, but it’s getting there. He’s not had a day off in weeks, which is good for both his outlook and his bank balance.He’s just finishing checking the stock when Bucky’s head appears around the door. “I need you on the register,” he says clearly, and Clint gives him a thumbs up to show he’s heard.“Coming,” he says, reaching for a pen and quickly jotting down the stock before heading out to the front.It’s an easy start. In amongst the tourists and new customers come the regulars: Sam passes through for his usual black coffee on his way to work at the VA, leaning across the counter to kiss Nat and earning several envious looks from a couple of other guys in the queue. Maria comes in exactly on time for her order, balancing her drink and breakfast bagel on top of a tablet computer, tapping away on her mobile phone and shooting Nat an apologetic smile as she does. Peter stumbles through looking bleary eyed and confused, and Clint sees Bucky take pity on the kid and give him a free shot in his black coffee.  Wade doesn’t come by this morning which is something of a blessing, and neither does Jane, but she’s sporadic at the best of times.It’s a warm day; during a lull, Clint finds himself basking in the sun that pours through the glass windows, eyes closed and face turned towards the light.“Sleeping upright. That’s impressive, even for you,” an amused voice says nearby.“Dreaming about warm sandy beaches and cold beers,” he says lazily without opening his eyes.“Could you be more predictable? That’s like the go-to daydream for everyone.”“I’m not even sorry,” Clint says, folding his arms across his chest and sighing contentedly.There’s a rough laugh and then Clint feels a chin hook onto his shoulder from behind, a warm body press to his back. “Alright, daydream over. Back to work.”Clint opens his eyes grudgingly. “Man, I’m tired. How come you’re awake? We were both up until stupid o clock.”Bucky shrugs, still leaning on him. “I’m obviously made of sterner stuff than you.”“Will you two stop flirting and do some work,” Nat says pointedly from the other side of the counter, where she’s wiping down a recently vacated table. They both pull identical faces of ‘ew, Nat, no,’ which just makes her roll her eyes. “Gross,” Bucky says, but he makes no attempt to move away from Clint. She doesn’t even dignify that with a response, just rolls her eyes even harder and then jerks her chin towards the door.“Will you do some work now there are customers coming in?” she asks.“Maybe,” Clint and Bucky say simultaneously, but then they look up and promptly every smart-ass thought is wiped from Clint’s mind. He assumes Bucky is in the same predicament as well, because all he manages is a weak ‘ho-ly shit.’The guy half in and half the door, looking confusedly down at his wallet, is gorgeous.He’s tall and blond and his shoulders are so broad it’s ridiculous. If the door were even slightly narrower, he’d probably have to come in sideways. He’s absolutely stacked with muscle, could probably lift Clint one handed and that’s a thought that makes him weak at the knees.Clint wants to have his adopted babies, stat.“Clint, move over,” Bucky says suddenly, shoving at him with his shoulder. “I’ll take the register.”“No you will not,” Clint replies and shoves him back. Tall, blond and gorgeous has apparently solved the riddle of his wallet and is stepping slowly towards the counter, counting out a palm full of change.“Move, over,” Bucky hisses, stamping on Clint’s foot and that’s it, if Bucky is playing dirty then so is Clint; he jabs Bucky right in the solar plexus with his elbow and then curses as Bucky kicks him in the shin.“Really?” Natasha’s voice complains, but Clint ignores her and kicks Bucky back, shoving him away with both hands, leaping back in front of the register just as Mr Universe gets to the counter and looks up.“Hi,” he says with a smile. “Can I just get a medium black coffee to go?”Marry me, Clint thinks silently, because not only is this man a physical specimen, his face is a thing of beauty. Strong jaw and cheekbones, bright blue eyes and a warm smile that Clint wants to lick.“Yeah, sure,” he says, reaching for a cup. “Name?”It’s pointless because he’s the only one in the queue, but this way Clint gets to know his name and can stop mentally referring to the man as the ‘future Mister Barton.’ “Steve,” the man says, and huh, okay.“Alright, Steve, one boring medium black coffee coming up,” Clint says, scrawling his name on the cup and then tossing it to Bucky. Bucky catches it – of course he does – and glares at Clint in such a way that makes him think he’s going to have his ass handed to him when they get home.Steve raises a perfect eyebrow in a perfect amused smirk. Perfectly. “Boring? Are you mocking my taste?”“Not at all,” Clint grins back. “If you want to be boring, be my guest.”“Alright, what would you order then?” Steve asks. He leans on the corner of the counter - dear god biceps, his biceps are going to rip through that too small shirt – and fixes Clint with a challenging look.Clint hums, tapping his fingers against his chin. He looks back at the display board that he already has memorized, and then turns back to Perfect Steve.“A large black coffee,” he says with a triumphant pointed finger, and Steve laughs. He actually laughs, eyes crinkling and oh well now that’s just unfair.“Alright, you got me,” he says, still chuckling. “But I’ll stick with my medium, today. What’s the damage?”“One ninety-five,” Clint says, and Steve nods and fishes the appropriate coins from his hand. “So, you a tourist?”“Do I look that out of place?” Steve asks, grinning. “Just moved to the area. Looking for a new regular coffee shop. The old one is a bit out of my way now.”“Fair enough. Have you succeeded on your quest?”Bucky silently hands Clint the drink over and Clint makes a mental note to thank him later because really that’s not his job. He passes it to Steve who smiles in thanks and passes the coins over in exchange.“I might have,” he grins. “Though the place on 29th does a mean cappuccino.”“Challenge accepted,” Clint says. “Bring it. Come on, I’ll blow your mind with a cappuccino right now.”Steve laughs at that as well. “What’s your name?” he asks as he removes the lid of his drink, taking a sip. Jesus, the man must have fire-proof taste buds.“Clint,” Clint says, and holds out a hand for Steve to shake. Steve takes it, grip warm and firm.“Good to meet you,” he says, and drops his hand. “Have a good day, Clint.”“You too,” Clint says, and watches Steve leave the coffee shop, only staring at his ass a little as he goes. Never mind the rest of the guy, Clint would quite happily live in wedded bliss with just his butt.“I’m going to have his adopted babies,” he announces, eyes still fixed on the gently closing door.“Yeah, right,” Bucky says sourly. “Two minutes of small talk doesn’t count for shit.”“He smiled at me,” Clint argues.“I’m amazed you managed to get as much as a smile without making an ass of yourself,” Bucky retorts.“Whoa, whoa,” Natasha says sternly, coming forwards to lean on the counter. “Play nicely, boys.”“He cheated,” Bucky scowls, holding his good arm across his chest and holding onto his ribs. It’s the Bucky version of belligerently folding his arms across his chest.“Technically Clint is on register today,” Natasha says with a perfectly arched brow. “You’ll just have to hope he comes in tomorrow.”And Bucky’s scowl is replaced by a devious grin. “Prepare to see how it is done,” he says, kicking at Clint’s feet again, not hard.  Clint pulls a face at him and turns to properly sort the change Steve gave him into the correct trays in the register.“Prepare to see you look dumb,” he grouches. “I did just fine.”“Sure you did,” Bucky says, patting the top of Clint’s head. “Sure you did.”“Screw you,” Clint replies, and looks up as the door opens with its usual merry jingle and Peter trips back in, laptop and camera and text book in hands, looking pleadingly at Clint. “More caffeine for Parker, Buck.”Bucky smiles at him and moves away to grab a large cup, flipping it in his hand as he does. “Coming right up.”  “All he said was have a good day, it’s not like the guy proposed to you,” Bucky says over the bustle of the bar, the raucous laughter, the clack of pool balls and clink of glasses.“He was totally smiling at me,” Clint announces.“He was just smiling,” Bucky says, exasperated.“Yeah, at me,” Clint says, and Bucky just pulls a disgusted face.“Whatever, I’m going to get another beer.”He climbs out of the booth over Clint, balancing his hand on Clint’s shoulder as he does. Out of habit, Clint’s hands come up to his hips, holding Bucky steady as he swings over, letting him go when he’s out.“He was gorgeous, Sam,” Clint says as he settles back, shifting to get comfortable. “Even you’d go gay for that.”Sam is staring at him, looking like he’s grown an extra head. “You and Bucky were arguing over who got to serve this guy because he was hot,” he says slowly, like Clint is stupid or something.“Yeah, were you not listening?” Clint says, taken aback. “I’m going to declare a national holiday in honor of his shoulders. Nat, back me up.”“His shoulders are definitely holiday worthy,” Nat says, leaning into Sam’s side and sipping her beer. “And yes, they were bickering over him. Pushing and shoving like actual children.”“They were both fighting over another guy,” Sam says, still looking like he’s missing part of the story. “What the hell? What’s gonna happen if one of you does score with him? Take him home and have the other one cook breakfast for you the morning after? Hey, look, I won, now make me some damn eggs?”“No, the other one would come and stay on your couch,” Clint says, and then pauses, thoughtful. “Though I hadn’t thought that far ahead honestly.”“Nat, our friends are idiots,” Sam declares. “Totally idiots. I cannot handle this level of stupid right now, I’m sorry. And you work with them, how do you do it.”Natasha pats his arm. “It’s a skill not many possess.”“Hey,” Clint says, slightly insulted, but Bucky re-appears and sets two beers down on the table, holding the necks of the bottles between his fingers. Clint reaches out to set them both steady and Bucky lets go.“Darts,” he says, and pulls at Clint’s ear. “Come on.”“Left hand or blindfold?” Clint asks, snagging his beer with one hand and letting Bucky pull him up out of the booth.“Blindfold,” Bucky says. “Then I don’t have to look at your face.”“Words hurt,” Clint complains, and Bucky slings his arm over Clint’s shoulders with an unconcerned shrug.“Grab my beer,” he says, and Clint obediently twists backwards to grab the other beer from the table. Nat and Sam are both shaking their heads at him. Nat is smirking and Sam is looking pained.“You two are so dumb,” Nat says.“Super dumb,” Sam agrees.“Well we’ll take our dumb over here away from you,” Clint calls back over his shoulder as Bucky steers him across the bar towards the dart board, Clint tucked in securely to his side.“Yeah, you do that,” Sam shouts back, now sounding close to laughter. Clint shrugs and leaves him to it, because they might insist that he and Bucky are dumb but Sam and Nat are just plain weird, and there’s no arguing that.   “Hey,” Clint slurs as Bucky drops him back onto his bed with an ooft, knocking pillows askew and onto the floor. Whining excitedly, Lucky jumps up onto the bed and off again, bouncing around Bucky’s feet like they’ve been gone for weeks.“Hey, what?” Bucky asks. “Lucky, calm the fuck down.”“Nat and Sam think we’re dumb for some reason,” Clint says, gesturing expansively at the ceiling as it lazily waltzes around above his head. “Like super dumb.”“Well, they’re weird,” Bucky says, and Clint flails to get upright, succeeds only in rolling onto his front.“That’s what my brain said!”Bucky laughs, leans down to pat Clint’s cheek. “You’re not dumb.”“You call me dumb all the time,” Clint says. Lucky bounces back up onto the bed, bumping Clint’s face with his head and licking at his ear. “Aw, gross. Lucky, get off.”“Leave him be, Lucky,” Bucky says, and clicks his fingers. Lucky obediently jumps off the bed and promptly flops down onto his back at Bucky’s feet, begging for a belly rub. Bucky ignores him and reaches down to grab the displaced pillows instead, tossing them at Clint. “And you know I don’t mean it. I love you really.”“Yeah you do,” Clint hums happily as he pushes the pillow away from his face. “Night, Buck.”“Oh no you don’t,” Bucky says swiftly, and Clint feels the mattress dip as Bucky sits down next to him. “Hearing aids. Come on.”Clint whines and shakes his head. He drank all the beer and won all the darts and now he just wants to sleep.“Oh for fucks sake,” Bucky says, but he doesn’t sound mad. “I take it back, you are dumb.”Clint just grunts in reply. He feels Bucky shift and then gentle fingers are unclipping his hearing aid, pulling it from behind his ear.  Bucky taps his cheek and with supreme effort Clint rolls over onto his other side.“You know I’m not supposed to do this,” Bucky says, but Clint just shrugs and wriggles forwards, burying his face in Bucky’s hip. He smells like coffee and warmth and Bucky and he shoves his face into the denim of his jeans, drunken brain wanting to get closer.The second hearing aid is taken off, and Clint blinks his eyes open, turns his face up so he can see Bucky’s face. Bucky can’t sign well with one hand, but they’re used to that now and Clint’s lip reading is getting pretty good.“Need anything?” Bucky mouths and Clint shakes his head and grins up at him.“We’re dumb,” he says seriously, and then cracks up.Bucky runs his fingers through Clint’s hair and then takes his chin in hand, firmly turning his face towards him so Clint can lip read him again.“Get some sleep,” he says, and the words faintly register, a deep buzz of sound to accompany the shapes Clint can see.  “If you need me, come and get me.”“Yes, Staff Sergeant Barnes, Sir,” Clint says.“You got it, Corporal Barton,” Bucky replies as he usually does, and Clint grins up at him before rolling over with a grunt. He feels a hand clap on his shoulder and then the mattress shifts as Bucky gets up and leaves. The last thing he’s aware of is Lucky bouncing back up onto the bed beside him, and then he’s out like a light, snoring softly and unaware of anything else in the world.  “'Cause the players gonna play play play play play-”"Nat.""And the haters gonna hate hate hate hate hate-""Natasha.""Baby I'm just gonna shake shake shake shake shake-"“Nat, I love you, but please stop,” Clint groans, holding a cold can of cola to his forehead and rolling it back and forth, debating taking his hearing aids out so he doesn’t have to listen to another minute of Nat’s singing.“Shake it off, shake it off,” Nat continues to sing, smiling sweetly and slamming down a metal coffee pot with a crash.“No-o-o,” Clint half cries, leaning forwards onto the counter and burying his face in his folded arms. “Nat, I know. I was dumb. I drank too much.” “Leave the man alone,” Bucky says loudly, walking by and swiftly taking the second pot from her before she can also use it as part of her improvised drum kit.“Bucky’s got my back,” Clint mumbles into his arms. Natasha says something in reply but he can’t hear her. He lifts his head with a ‘hmmm?’ But she just rolls her eyes and turns away. He feels a hand settle on his shoulder and struggles upright, leaning back against the counter.“Hey,” Bucky says, hand on the side of Clint’s neck. “Make it to lunch and I’ll nip out and get you a pizza from Carl’s, yeah?”Clint nods, feeling utterly pathetic. “What did I ever do to deserve you?”“Something terrible in a past life obviously,” Natasha calls over as she walks in front of the counter, tray in her hands.Bucky lets go of Clint to gives her the finger; she just laughs and twirls on past, setting the tray down with a bang and scaring the life out of Peter who is sat at a nearby table surrounded by science textbooks. He jumps a mile, whipping his headphones out of his ears and frantically looking around.“Sorry, Peter Parker,” Natasha says, using his full name as per usual. “I’m tormenting Clint.”“Don’t do that,” Peter says insistently, hand over his heart.“That kid inhales much more caffeine and his heart is going to give out,” Bucky says to Clint, twisting around and easing his arm over Clint’s shoulders. “I might give him a free expresso just to see what happens.”“You are cruel,” Clint says. “Let’s do it.”They both look up automatically as the bell over the door jingles, and Clint immediately regrets being a hungover state even more than he did because that’s Steve walking in, wearing running gear and looking gloriously sweaty and pink cheeked.“Oh well that’s just not fair,” Bucky says in awestruck tones under his breath, and then he glances sideways at Clint. “Sweetheart, I know you’re hungover and about to die, but if you fuck up this order I’m going to kill you.”“Message received,” Clint says. Bucky lets go of him to walk over to the cashier, chin lifted and cheeky half-smirk firmly in place and aw dammit, Bucky is pulling out the big guns this morning.“What can I get you?” he says with a roguish grin, and that’s just playing dirty.Steve smiles brightly back, and oh god, Clint feels like he’s in a trashy movie of some sort. A meet-cute plot with a guy and a gal meeting under coincidental circumstances and falling madly in love despite their differences, with a bitter ex or some form of nemesis nearly ruining it before the big happy ending sequence.Well, his version is obviously guy and guy, and while there is no bitter ex, Bucky is definitely his nemesis because he’s bright eyed and gorgeous and he’s charming the pants off of Steve as they chat idly. Names are exchanged, a handshake is offered and accepted, smiles go both ways. Bucky makes a joke about his lack of arm when Steve goes to hand over the exact correct change again, and Steve laughs, politely enquires if he’s a veteran, almost tripping over himself to not cause offense.And fuck Bucky because he says yes and obviously it turns out that Steve is too, and Clint has a just as good honorable discharge story to pull on the heartstrings thanks, but Bucky got there first, dammit.    He’s more than a little jealous and bitter when he hands over Steve’s drink to Bucky. Steve spots him and smiles warmly, and ha, in your face Bucky.“Morning, Clint,” he says. “You look like you could do with going back to bed.”Bucky bites down on a snigger and Clint attempts to discreetly stamp on his foot. “Yeah, I may have had a few too many last night,” he says ruefully. “I had a beer every time I beat this guy at darts, so I kind of lost count.”And Steve laughs, looking politely impressed. Bucky casually crosses his legs, kicking Clint painfully in the shin as he does.“You must have good aim,” Steve says.“Never miss,” Clint grins.Steve grins back and steps away from the counter as another customer steps up behind him. “Have a good day, guys,” he says, raising his cup in a sort of salute. Clint waves goodbye and Steve vanishes out the door, soon lost in the bustle of the morning commute.They serve the next rush of customers, and are kept busy for a good half an hour. The tension between them winds tighter and tighter with every minute and Clint can tell by the set of Bucky’s shoulders that he’s mad about something, and that he’s about to tear Clint a new one the moment he gets a chance.Finally, Clint takes a breath as he watches Maria deftly navigate the door without dropping any of her many possessions, and then turns to Bucky. “Alright, out with it.”“You sabotaged me! That’s not fair!” Bucky exclaims, slamming the register shut. “I didn’t interfere with you yesterday!”“You pulled out the poor-little-one-armed-me card!”“Yeah I did, because he asked,” Bucky says, sounding angry, poking Clint sharply in the chest with his finger. “Fuck you and your wonderful non-visible disability-”“Non-visible?” Clint asks incredulously, pointing to both of his ears and the attached hearing aids. “These things aren’t exactly discreet, bro!”“Oh I’m sorry, I can’t hear you over the sound of my missing fucking arm-”“That’s enough!”Natasha’s sharp voice cuts through their bickering, and they both immediately stop. They don’t dial down the glaring though.“Argue about the gloriousness that is Steve’s ass all your like,” Natasha says. “But don’t you say things to each other that you’ll regret later. You got it?”Clint feels guilt roll through him and looks down and away, folding his arms across his chest and turning his glare away from Bucky and training it on the floor. “He started it.”“You sabotaged me!”Natasha just stares at them both. “So dumb,” she snaps, and stalks off without looking back.“I’m not talking to you for the rest of the day,” Bucky informs Clint sourly as they watch her go. She heads to the far corner and starts to make small talk with Wade, who is drinking a cappuccino and mango cooler blend. God, she must really not want to be near them if she’s opting to go near Wade Wilson.“Good. Because I’m not talking to you either,” Clint retorts. He storms to the end of the counter and starts organising the syrups with more force than strictly necessary. At the other end of the counter, Bucky checks the balance of the register, scowling down at the quarters in his hand like they’ve offended his mother.“I’m still not talking to you, but can you get me some more dollar bills,” Bucky’s terse voice calls a few minutes later.“Yeah,” Clint says shortly. “And I’m not talking to you either, but you’re still giving me a ride home, right?”“Of course I am, you fucking moron,” Bucky snaps back.“Fine.”“Fine.”“Whatever.”   Bucky storms into the apartment, kicking his boots off and heading straight into his room and slamming the door. Clint follows him in, shoving the apartment door closed with his hip and walking over to drop the grocery bags on the table. Lucky runs over, whining and twisting round and round next to Clint’s feet, so Clint shuts him up with a treat.Stupid Bucky flirting better with Steve, he grouches under his breath, scraping his hand down his face. He glares at Bucky’s closed bedroom door and then marches over and knocks.“I’m still not talking to you but do you want dinner?”There’s a pause, and then the door is wrenched open. “Yes,” Bucky says shortly. “Do you want me to go pick up more beer?”Clint narrows his eyes. “Yes.”“Fine,” Bucky says, and Clint shrugs like he doesn’t care. “Fine.”“Whatever,” Bucky says, and he slams the door again, leaving Clint glaring at white-painted wood a few inches from his nose.  With no Bucky to talk to – and after the most passive aggressive dinner he’s ever had – Clint ends up alone in his room at seven pm with nothing to do but take out his frustration on his games console. He’s not even sure what they’re exactly fighting about anymore; they’ve not had a fight like this in a long time, and it would usually take a lot more than bickering over who gets to talk to a hot guy to push them this far.He goes to bed ridiculously early, feeling disjointed and like his organs aren’t quite in the right place. Punching his pillow in frustration, he rolls over and tries to tell himself he’s not bothered by Bucky’s stupid flirting with Steve, he’s not.He’s not aware that he’s managed to drop off until a hand on his shoulder jerks him from sleep. Blinking hard, he sits up and gropes for the lamp, flicking it on and squinting in the light.Bucky stands there, jaw clenched and hand gripping his left shoulder tightly.“Buck?”“I know we’re not talking,” Bucky says shortly, the mellow light casting valleys of shadow over half of his face. “But.”He trails off, shifts his stump uncomfortably, fingers digging in hard enough so Clint can see white marks on the skin beneath.Nodding in understanding, Clint reaches for his hearing aids, turns them on and slips them in. “Tingles?” he asks, and Bucky nods. He swallows, looking like he’s close to tears.“Feels like cramp.”“Alright, come on,” Clint says, rubbing his eyes. He sits on the edge of his bed and grabs a pillow, dropping it down between his feet. Bucky steps over and sinks down, sitting between Clint’s legs and leaning back into him. He leans his cheek against Clint’s thigh, exhaling heavily.Clint leans over and grabs the moisturizer than sits on his bedside table for moments exactly like this. He could do without but it’s easier on Bucky’s skin if he uses it, and it smells pretty good too so there is that.“Arm or shoulder first?” he asks as he scoops out enough lotion onto his palm and rubs it between his hands to make sure it’s warm.“Don’t mind,” Bucky says shakily, stump jerking as he tries to shake out the arm that’s no longer there. “Son of a bitch.”“Okay, shoulder if it’s that bad,” Clint says, and nudges Bucky’s head to the side, pressing his fingers into the muscle of Bucky’s left shoulder, across the shrapnel scars and twisted lines from his first surgery. “Tell me if anything pinches.”Bucky nods, exhaling heavily and shoulders slumping. Clint continues to work at his shoulder, kneading tense muscles and tight tendons, moving down to the stump when he’s done. Bucky doesn’t so much as flinch, just exhales so heavily it’s almost a groan.When he’s done, Clint gently nudges him over and Bucky obediently holds his right arm up above his head. Clint pulls it over his thigh so it’s bent and he can reach Bucky’s fingers. “Did you take your tramadol?” he asks as he gets more lotion and starts massaging his fingers.Bucky nods. “Right on time,” he says. “And I haven’t smoked today, either.”Clint hums. “Stressed out?”Bucky shrugs. “Maybe. My best pal isn’t talking to me.”Clint frowns down reproachfully. “I’m not talking to you because you’re not talking to me.”“We’re talking now,” Bucky says.Clint smiles, moves onto the next finger. Bucky’s hand is limp between his own, joints relaxed. “Yeah we are,” he says, and Bucky heaves out a sigh.“It’s not you,” he says. “Weather says storms.”“Pressure pains,” Clint nods, feeling relieved that Bucky says it’s not their bickering that’s stressed him out and brought on his phantom pains. “That’ll do it.”Silence falls between them, but it’s not uncomfortable any more. It’s quiet and relaxed, and Bucky is acquiescent under Clint’s hands. Clint moves from his fingers to his palm and then his wrist, carefully but firmly massaging his way up his arm. He’s on Bucky’s forearm, fingers smoothing over a lump of scar tissue on the underside of his arm when Bucky speaks again, so quietly that Clint almost misses it.“I’m sorry I yelled at you.”“I’m sorry I was a dick about your arm,” Clint replies. “I was being jealous and pissy.”“Nah, no big deal,” Bucky says. “I give you as much shit for being deaf.”“That you do,” Clint muses, and nudges Bucky with his heel to get him to turn. He goes obediently, slotting his legs beneath one of Clint’s and leaning forwards over his thigh so Clint can get at his upper arm.  Clint digs his fingers into the underside of his elbow and Bucky groans, leaning forwards so his forehead touches Clint’s thigh.“That guy’s ass isn’t worth falling out with you over,” he says, and Clint laughs.“Motion seconded,” he says. “How’re you feeling?”“Better,” Bucky says, sounding relieved and tired. “Can you go back to my hand?”Clint obliges, and Bucky melts against his leg as he works. He’s sure he’s almost asleep by the time he stops, gently rubbing the back of Bucky’s neck, fingers playing over the knobs of his spine.“You with me, Buck?”Bucky nods slowly, pushes himself up so he’s kneeling. He rubs at his eyes, looking exhausted. “You mind if I stay with you?”“Not at all,” Clint says, and scoots over. “Lucky, budge up.”After shunting a dozing Lucky across the foot of the bed, he takes out his hearing aids and drops them onto the bedside table. He settles back down with Bucky lying next to him, not quite touching. Bucky shifts under the covers, legs just brushing Clint’s as he gives him a rueful smile.“Thanks, Clint.”“Any time,” Clint says, and yawns. “Goodnight Sergeant Barnes, Sir.”Bucky smiles. “Goodnight Corporal Barton,” he mouths back, and he closes his eyes, exhaling heavily and relaxing into the pillows.Clint smiles tiredly back, closes his eyes and sleeps.  By the morning, everything is back to normal. Clint over-sleeps and almost makes them late for work, Bucky complains about traffic the whole way there and yells at several pedestrians that are bold enough to try darting in front of the car. They make appalling jokes and sing along to Journey on the radio, and bitch about the broken air-con.All in all, Clint is in good spirits when they show up for work. Nat is already there and raises both her eyebrows at them as they walk in side by side.“Over your lovers spat, I see,” she calls. “Bucky, stock. Clint, check and count the register.”Bucky just pulls a face at Clint and slopes off into the back to sort the stock. Clint busies himself at the register even though he’s on the floor today and technically Nat should be the one checking it. Though he values his life so he’s not about to say that out loud.The morning rush comes and goes as normal. Strangely, Peter comes in with Wade, and they sit at a table together arguing about something that’s in one of Peter’s textbooks. Clint shrugs it off and gives the table a wide berth, mostly because of the arguing and also because of the terrible fruit-caffeine concoction that Wade insists on drinking. Jane makes an appearance as well, looking bright eyed and eager, thoroughly excited about her Scandinavian boyfriend who is apparently coming to town. It’s one of Sam’s days off so obviously he swans in around eleven and perches on a stool next to the register, chatting to Nat as he once again sets the world record for the slowest consumption of an iced mocha ever.Clint is clearing the mess left by Peter and Wade and idly contemplating asking Bucky if he wants to go to Carls’ Pizza Place for their lunch break when the bell rings and Steve walks in, humming tunelessly as he does. He waves across at Clint who waves back, and then heads up to the register to place his order with Natasha.For a moment, Clint ponders going to say hi, but for some reason decides against it. He skirts around the other end of the counter instead, ducking into the back where Bucky is tediously sorting out tiny cups of creamer by their use-by-date.“Yo, Steve came in,” Clint says a little awkwardly, and Bucky looks up. “Didn’t know if you wanted to go say hi.”And Bucky studies Clint for a moment, mouth twisted contemplatively. “Nah,” he finally says, turning back to his job.Oddly relieved, Clint hovers for a moment. “Hey, I bet if we pretend to clean the self-service counter we’d be at the right angle to stare at his ass.”And Bucky’s face breaks out into a grin. “Now you’re talking,” he says, and grabs a cloth, tossing it over to Clint. “Get a move on or we’ll miss it.”Clint finds himself grinning back, and he and Bucky sidle out of the back over to the counter that holds all the packets of sugar and milk. Luckily, Steve is still at the counter chatting away to Sam and Nat like he’s known them for years, and doesn’t notice Bucky and Clint skulking on the other side of the shop and acting like a couple of overly-hormonal teenage boys.“I’m telling you. Shoulders. National holiday,” Clint says under his breath as he pretends to wipe down the counter.“Sweetheart, it’s all about the ass,” Bucky says, going to a nearby table and deftly scooping up leftover cups and napkins, bringing them back over to the bin.“There are loads of nice asses in the world, but shoulders like that are a gift,” Clint insists. “Oh my god, look at him. He’s got the proportions of a Dorito.”Bucky positively cackles with laughter, and Clint is almost too busy laughing at Bucky to notice the new customer entering the coffee shop, frowning down at his mobile phone. He’s wearing a sharp suit and sunglasses that look like they cost more than Clint’s entire wardrobe; his dark hair is carefully styled and he has an impeccably trimmed goatee that should make him look like a douche but just gives the whole look a rakish angle that’s undeniably sexy.Clint makes a noise in the back of his throat and elbows Bucky to get his attention; Bucky looks over and his eyebrows go up.“Is he lost? What the hell is he doing in here?”“Oh my god, it’s like a most-attractive-people-on-the-planet convention,” Clint says in an awed undertone. “First Steve and now-”And he breaks off as the stranger reaches the counter and casually extends a hand to brush his fingers over the small of Steve’s back. Steve turns and his expression turns into one of surprised delight, and then he leans down to enthusiastically kiss the newcomer right on the mouth.Clint’s jaw drops.“Well, shit,” Bucky says, sounding put out. “Looks like we’re both out.”“Can’t compete with that,” Clint agrees half-heatedly. “Aw, boyfriend.”“Aw boyfriend indeed,” Bucky grouches. “Son of a bitch.”“Are you two ever going to do any work today?”Natasha’s loud voice kick starts them both into action. Steve and his boyfriend both look over with raised eyebrows and Clint and Bucky hastily push away from the counter and to where they actually should be.“Drinks after work?” Bucky asks Clint as he heads towards the back.“Oh god yes,” Clint says. “My ego needs it.”“Motion seconded,” Bucky says. “Now do some work.”“I will if you will,” Clint shouts back, and all he sees of Bucky is his middle finger before he vanishes into the back. Clint snorts with fond laughter and watches him go, before turning to Nat, winning smile fixed firmly in place.“Alright, what am I doing?”   “Man, the looks on your faces,” Sam is still laughing, leaning back in the booth and making a show of wiping his eyes. “You were so disappointed.”“Of course we were,” Clint says, leaning back automatically as Bucky climbs over him to get back into his spot, handing over the beers. “All that work, and then it turns out to be pointless.”“Yeah, after jerkface boyfriend showed up like he owned the place,” Bucky scowls, sitting down and taking his beer back from Clint.“Jerkface boyfriend is called Tony and he’s actually a pretty cool guy,” Sam says. “Play nice. Just because you two were punching way above your weight and came crashing back down to earth with the rest of the mortals.”“Nat, your boy-toy is being mean,” Clint begins, but Bucky interrupts him with a suspicious look on his face. “Hang on, how do you know he’s pretty cool?”Sam shrugs. “Steve comes to the VA, it’s how I know him. I’ve met Tony a couple of times as well. Like I said, he’s a good guy under the prickly shell he’s got.”Clint gapes at Sam. Next to him, Bucky is frozen in place, staring at Sam like he’s just grown an extra head.“You fucking knew?” Bucky manages to say. “You fucking knew?!”“Yes,” Natasha says with a smile, tracing her finger around the rim of her glass. “We knew.”“We nearly killed each other over that dumb flirting game,” Bucky half-shouts as Clint shakes his head in disbelief, taking a swig of his beer. “Seriously, guys!”“You needed a push,” Sam says dismissively, flapping a hand at them.Natasha nods in solemn agreement. “If you hadn’t started the flirting game you wouldn’t have got all pissy and jealous of each other, and then you would never have got over yourselves.”“Oh man, you two were so dumb it was hurting my brain,” Sam says. “We’ve been waiting for you two to get your heads out of your asses and get together for years-”Clint promptly chokes on a mouthful of beer, spraying it everywhere across the table. He claps his hand to his mouth as he chokes and manages to drop the bottle at the same time; Bucky makes a noise of alarm and grabs the bottle, setting it upright as Clint frantically tries to remember how to breathe.“We’re not together,” Bucky says, sounding insulted and horrified.“What?” Sam says, sounding equally as traumatised. “You’re not? Nat, you said they’d sorted it!”Clint looks up through watering eyes to see Natasha just shrug. “Oops.”“Oh my god,” Sam says in despair. “You two fell out because you were jealous of each other flirting with Steve. You have lived together without killing each other for years. You are super married.”“We are not,” Bucky says, offended. “Super married,” Natasha confirms.“Bucky, you call him sweetheart,” Sam says, looking pained. “You let him touch your arm.”And Bucky is looking slowly more and more like an animal backed into a corner. He looks to Clint for backup, mouth opening and closing like a furiously angry goldfish.“We’re not married,” Clint says, looking from Nat to Sam and feeling utterly blindsided. “Literally or figuratively.”Sam stares at him and then puts his beer down to cover his face with his hand. “Oh no. Oh god no. So dumb. Nat, make them stop.”“I wish I could,” Natasha says, sounding weary. “But at this point, short of locking them in a closet together and making them kiss-”“Aaaaand time out,” Bucky says, roughly shoving at Clint. “Clint, move. We’re going home.”“You got it,” Clint agrees fervently, sliding out of the booth and turning to help haul Bucky out, instantly making a beeline for the door.“That’s right, take your husband home,” Sam shouts after them. “Remember to carry your sweetheart over the threshold, Buck!”“Fuck off, Wilson!” Bucky yells over his shoulder, and Sam and Natasha’s laughter follows them out of the bar and onto the sidewalk.“What morons!” Bucky exclaims as he shoves his hand into his pocket and storms over to the edge of the sidewalk, looking for a cab. “We are not married.”“Why the hell would they say we are?” Clint asks, perplexed. “I don’t get it.”Luckily it’s early enough so they don’t have any trouble getting a cab; Bucky hails one and as it pulls over, Clint reaches past Bucky and opens the door for him. It’s exactly what the usually do, but Bucky freezes in place, staring at Clint’s hand on the door.“Doesn’t mean anything,” he says almost threateningly.“You’ve got one arm. Shit at doors,” Clint says and Bucky nods curtly before he clambers into the cab.  Clint climbs in after him and sits somewhat awkwardly, unsure as to how he normally sits and hyperaware of Bucky sprawled across the seat only a couple of feet away. Bucky stares determinedly out of the window for the whole journey, and it’s a relief to get out of the cab outside their apartment a few minutes later.Clint has a moment in which he’s convinced he’s left his keys on the table at the bar, but Bucky just rolls his eyes before pulling them from his own pocket and tossing them over. Clint catches them and grins in sheepish thanks. Bucky mutters ‘idiot’ under his breath and waits for Clint to unlock the door. The get as far as the elevator before Bucky starts up again.“What the fuck are they on about?” he bursts out, jabbing viciously at the elevator button. “Wilson is so full of shit. Just because he bagged Natasha doesn’t mean he knows everything about relationships.”“Exactly!” Clint exclaims, because Bucky has a valid point. “I bet he’s just bored and playing matchmaker because he’s into that boring settled stage of his relationship.”“Exactly,” Bucky says, and breathes out heavily. “They’re the fuckin’ dumb ones,” he says and slings his arm across Clint’s shoulders, just like always except how now it’s not.Clint snorts, leans into Bucky’s side despite himself. Just like he usually would. Except now he’s thinking about how it might look from an outsider’s perspective, and he’s starting maybe think that to the rest of the world, he and Bucky are pretty handsy. But he likes it like that.They step into the elevator, and Clint thinks about Steve standing at his side with his arm slung over his shoulders. It’s a nice image, sure, but he doesn’t feel like he needs it, or it’s anything more than just a nice image.He tries thinking about Steve standing with his arm over Bucky’s shoulders, and he promptly wants to go punch Steve in the face.Oh, no.What has Natasha done?He stands there in quiet turmoil as they go up their floor, still pressed comfortably into Bucky’s side. He’s never thought of Bucky like that, and if he starts now it’s all going to go amazingly wrong, he just knows it.They head into the apartment to the sound of excited barking and wild scrabbling at the door. Clint opens the door a fraction, allowing Bucky to slip in and grab Lucky’s collar, pulling him away from the door so he doesn’t escape. Clint hastily edges in and shuts the door behind them, wondering exactly when they learned that routine.“Jesus, Lucky, we were gone like an hour,” Bucky complains, kneeling down to roughly scratch Lucky behind the ears. “We got hounded out of the bar by Wilson and Romanov. You need to bite them next time they come over, yeah?”Lucky responds with an enthusiastic bout of licking Bucky’s cheek.“God you’re gross,” Bucky complains, and reaches for Lucky’s leash. “I’ll take the mutt. Food?”“Yeah, on it,” Clint says, edging smoothly around Bucky as he corrals Lucky towards the door.“Alright sweetheart, I’ll be half an hour,” Bucky shouts. “You want anything while I’m out?”There’s a very tense silence. Clint winces, standing there with one eye closed as he waits for Bucky to react-“We are not fucking married!” Bucky bellows, and storms out, slamming the door behind him.Clint sits down on the couch and laughs so hard he can’t breathe.
 

 
Bucky comes back from walking Lucky looking slightly calmer than he did when he left. Clint has managed to stop laughing and is in the middle of making dinner. Bucky hovers behind him trying to steal bites and Clint threatens to stab him; he makes off with half a bell pepper and a handful of cheese anyway, vaulting onto the couch with a smug grin firmly in place.Okay. So that’s totally bro-behaviour, right? It’s not like Clint is wearing an apron and Bucky is coming back from work with a briefcase, sitting down at the dinner table waiting for a meal and a kiss. No, Clint is just cooking for both of them because if he’s cooking for himself and he might as well, and Bucky was just out walking the dog. Clint’s dog. Who, by this point, is pretty much their dog.Ah, shit.That one flies straight past Bucky, though he does mildly freak out when they stand shoulder to shoulder doing the dishes. He mutters something vehement under his breath and throws the dish towel in Clint’s face, retreating to the couch and looking mutinous.Dishes done, Clint flops down onto the couch. Bucky automatically swings his feet up into Clint’s lap but just as quickly jerks them back, scrambling away and curling into the arm of the couch instead, now past irritated and looking increasingly distressed. Clint tries to shrug it off but he feels oddly alone without Bucky’s dumb feet in his lap, heel digging into his thigh whenever he wants a massage, which is pretty much all the time.Fucking Natasha. Clint is going to kill her. She’s made it weird and that’s not fair, because Bucky is the best friend he’s ever had and the thought of it not being okay between them breaks his heart a little.The final straw comes when Clint goes to get himself a beer. It’s not until he’s sat back down that he realizes not only did he fetch himself one, but Bucky also somehow not only has a beer in hand, but is also staring at the Oreos that are stacked on the arm of the couch next to his elbow.Clint stares at the Oreos, too. Wait, did he do that?Oh my god. They’re so married.Bucky gets up without another word. He walks into his bedroom and slams the door, and then re-emerges not five seconds later to snatch up the beer and Oreos, leveling Clint with a look that clearly fucking dares him to mention it.Wisely, Clint doesn’t. He valiantly tries to watch some more of whatever film it is that he’s stumbled across on Netflix, then gives up around an hour later and goes to bed feeling lonely and oddly despondent.He’s in his room for all of ten minutes when there’s a knock on the door. He pauses his brooding and looks up from where he’s sat on the edge of his mattress, just in time to see the door open and Bucky sidle in.There’s a pause. A very awkward pause.Then – luckily or not, depending on the angle – Bucky breaks the silence.“We’re a little bit married,” Bucky says, sounding pained, and Clint leans forwards to bury his face in his hands.“I know,” he groans. “We really are.”“But married people have the option of having sex,” Bucky points out. “And we don’t do that.”Clint shakes his head fervently, still hidden in his palms. “We definitely don’t do that.”“We don’t even kiss,” Bucky says.Slowly, Clint looks up, not sure what he wants to see when he meets Bucky’s eyes. “Would you even want to?” Clint asks. His heart is doing a strange quickstep inside his sternum, swooping and skipping in a glorious rhythm he’s not experienced before.“No!” Bucky exclaims, and then screws up his face. “I never thought we could?”“Me either,” Clint says a little desperately. “It’s be weird, right?”“Super weird,” Bucky says matter-of-factly. “So we won’t.”Clint shakes his head. “Better not.”“Alright,” Bucky says with a determined nod. “So. I’ll leave you to sleep then.”It’s barely ten, but Clint doesn’t argue. “Okay. Goodnight, Staff Sergeant Barnes.”Bucky nods again, harder than before. “Goodnight Corporal Barton.”He stands there for a moment and then mutters something, backing out of the room and slamming the door hard enough to make the dartboard on the wall wobble. Clint blinks at the closed door, feeling unsettled and like he’s just missed an opportunity-And then thank fucking god the door crashes open again, banging noisily against the wall behind. It sets Lucky off barking but Clint doesn’t care because Bucky is marching back in with a scowl on his face, and Clint hurriedly stands up to meet him.“Fucking fuck it,” Bucky snaps, and he strides right up so he’s standing barely a foot in front of Clint. “If this makes things weird in a bad way, we’re going to pretend it never happened and then go and murder Natasha and Sam.”“And Steve,” Clint says. “His butt started this.”“Please don’t talk about Steve’s butt before I’m about to kiss you,” Bucky says, looking pained, and then he slides his hand onto the side of Clint’s neck and pulls him in, kissing him hard.Clint can’t stop the way his breath catches in his throat, or the surprised noise he exhales through has nose as his eyes automatically close. Bucky’s lips are warm against his, and his brain is kind of stuck because he’s kissing Bucky.He starts to panic because there’s no immediate fireworks, no spark, nothing that immediately goes yes in his brain. Bucky is breathing heavily and then his mouth is moving against Clint’s in a proper kiss, and Clint finds his hands tentatively coming up to hold onto Bucky’s waist. The noise Bucky makes is pure relief and Clint finds himself laughing shakily because he feels it too-“And don’t laugh while I’m kissing you either, Christ,” Bucky mumbles, but he doesn’t give Clint a chance to reply because he’s kissing him again, catching Clint’s lower lip between his own and opening his mouth just enough, and-Well, that’s.It’s not fireworks but it settles in Clint’s gut, deep and right and warm. He carefully sides his hands further around Bucky’s waist, one sliding lower as the other moves up to press between his shoulder blades. It pushes Bucky flush up against him but Clint really doesn’t mind; Bucky is all compact muscle and strength and it makes him shiver oddly.“Yeah?” Bucky breathes against his mouth.“I think we can hold off of the murdering,” Clint replies, voice wrecked, and Bucky laughs and then they’re kissing again, hot and open mouthed. Bucky’s hand slides down over Clint’s shoulder and across his arm, up over his back until his arm is hooked around Clint’s neck, and he’s pulling them around and stepping back towards Clint’s bed. Clint’s brain abruptly stutters to a halt all over again, but then Bucky is making a noise of protest and turning his face away, and Clint is kissing over his jaw, not wanting to stop.“Lucky, get out of it,” Bucky says, twisting around and almost falling as he tries to let go of Clint to shove Lucky away. Lucky whines, butting his head against Bucky’s side and gazing pleadingly at him with his one eye.“Fucking mutt,” Bucky says, exasperated. “Clint, let go-”“Nu-uh,” Clint says, still kissing the side of Bucky’s face and trying to get back to his mouth. “We started this, I’m not stopping-”“Clint!” Bucky exclaims, but he’s laughing and twisting free, pushing Clint back. His eyes are dark and wicked, and his mouth is wet from kissing and Clint wants him. It uncurls slowly in his chest, gentle yet insistent.“Wait one goddamn minute,” he says breathlessly, and then he’s grabbing Lucky’s collar and pulling him towards the door. As per usual, Lucky objects with every fiber of his being, and Bucky curses as he struggles to get him out.“This is not for puppy eyes,” Bucky is saying, half in and half out the door, shins braced against Lucky’s back to stop him darting back in. “Go on, get out-”Clint takes advantage of the momentary distraction to hastily dive across his bed and yank open the drawer of his bedside cabinet. It’s full of odd socks and old hearing aids and medication he never took, and please lord let there be condoms in here that aren’t past their expiry date, he knows he’s not been laid in ages but that would be tragic beyond even him-The door closes with a triumphant thud and Clint hastily rolls away from the drawer to lie on his back, trying to look as casual as possible.Standing a couple of feet away from the bed, Bucky cocks his fist on his hip, looking at Clint with a raised eyebrow. “Real smooth,” he says, and then he’s climbing up onto the bed, kneeling next to Clint’s hip. He braces himself over Clint with his palm on his chest, face inches away.“You sure about this?” he says, eyes searching and momentarily serious. “Nothing away from your ego if you change your mind.”“Same to you,” Clint says, even though part of him wants to shrivel up and die at the thought of Bucky changing his mind and stopping.“That’s not an answer,” Bucky says, exasperated, and then he leans down to kiss Clint, far more gently than Clint ever anticipated. When he pulls back, his mouth is twisted contemplatively, brows drawn together in thoughtful confusion. “Don’t think I could live without you,” he says simply. “Now that I think about it.”And Clint nods slowly. “I think I was jealous of you flirting with Steve,” he says. “I was glad when you didn’t want to talk to him today.”And Bucky smiles, a half hitch to his mouth. Clint reaches up to touch the single dimple that appears in his right cheek when he does it, and Bucky turns his head to kiss Clint’s fingertips.I love you, Clint thinks, and it’s true and just that easy. It startles him a little but then he just mentally shrugs and decides to roll with it. Bucky smiles down at him like he can read Clint’s mind and approves.“So,” Bucky grins. “You got any condoms that aren’t considered historical artifacts in that drawer?”“Fuck you,” Clint grouches, but Bucky is kissing him again and Clint really can’t stay mad.“Now you’re talking,” Bucky breathes against his mouth with that roguish smile that Clint is definitely going to be a sucker for, and he’s kissing him back and rolling him breathlessly across messy purple sheets.   Clint wakes up sore and exhausted in the best possible way, to the sound of whining and scratching at his bedroom door. He blinks dazedly for a moment, then registers that the thigh wedged between his and the arm draped heavily across his chest belong to Bucky.Well, he thinks. That’s new.Bucky is still fast asleep, face mashed into Clint’s chest. His hair is sticking up every which way, tumbling messily across his brow, and Clint thinks he could get used to waking up like this.He yawns, turns his head to the side and looks at the clock.
Ah, shit.
He groans, wanting nothing more than to curl up with Bucky and sleep the day away. Bucky would kick his ass for that though – not to mention Natasha- so against his better judgement he reaches for his hearing aids, puts them in and then prods Bucky awake. He surfaces scowling and grumpy, the same as he always is when he just wakes up, glaring at Clint like he’d not given him the best sex ever only six hours prior.“Fuckin what?” he grumbles, tired and pissy.“We’re really late for work,” Clint informs him. Bucky’s head snaps up and he looks at the clock for a heartbeat before cursing explosively and staggering up out of the bed. Clint watches his naked ass run for the door, smothering a laugh as Lucky nearly bowls Bucky over as they cross paths in the doorway.“Fuckin’ mutt!” Bucky yells, already halfway down the hall. “Clint, get your ass out of that bed before I make you!”Clint rolls his eyes and braces himself as Lucky leaps up onto the bed. He butts Clint with his head, tail wagging madly and looking excessively pleased.“Yeah, you can shut up,” Clint says as he scratches behind the dog’s ears. “This means you’re sleeping in the hall from now on, bro.”Lucky’s tail thumps against the mattress. From somewhere in the vicinity of the bathroom, Bucky bellows at him to get up a second time. Warm and ridiculously happy with how things have turned out, Clint grins, stretching lazily and idly wondering if it would be weird to send Steve a thank you card.   
Six months down the line.
Clint blinks tiredly down at his coffee, not quite awake yet. The others are talking about something – plans for tonight maybe, could also be opinions on the election race for all he actually knows – but he’s tuning it out, half accidentally and half purposefully. He’s perfectly happy to slump back in his chair, feet kicked up into Bucky’s lap, a single hand curled around his ankle.“Hey, check it out.” Fingers tap at his shin, and he looks up to see Bucky nodding towards the counter. The new girl, Gwen, is chatting animatedly to Peter, who is nodding vacantly and staring at her like she’s the best thing since a double-shot expresso.“It’s the coffee shop of love, what can I say,” Clint says, rubbing his eyes with his fingertips.“Only counts if he actually gets up the nerve to ask her out,” Bucky says. “Slim to none.”“I’ll take that bet,” Natasha says from across the table.“Count me in,” Steve says, glancing at Peter and Gwen. “I say he asks her out in the next week.”Tony snorts incredulously. “Oh I’m in,” he says. “Get ready to hand over your cash, Rogers. I bet it takes him a month.”“I bet she asks him out,” Natasha says with a knowingly raised brow, and Tony whistles between his teeth.“Raising the stakes, Romanov. What’re we playing? Fifty bucks.”“A round at the bar,” Steve interjects, and Tony rolls his eyes but takes the bite out of it by leaning forwards to gently kiss him, Steve’s chin held in his fingers.They’re a good couple, Clint knows by now. And as gorgeous as Steve is, he’s turned out to be not really anything Clint could seriously go for. Too much like a not utterly useless big brother, really.And then there is the whole stupidly tragic realizing he was in love with his best friend thing as well. Kind of puts a damper on any other attempts to hook up with gorgeous customers.And speaking of gorgeous customers. Clint’s attention is drawn as a newcomer walks past their table; a tall slender man with white-grey hair and piercing grey eyes. He’s got a lithe runners build and Clint finds himself maybe checking out his ass a little.“Hey Buck,” Clint says, eyes still glued to the third best butt he’s ever seen. “Your six. Check it out.”Bucky immediately twists around. “Good call,” he says to Clint, sounding impressed.“Okay, there’s only one thing I understand less than why you all choose to hang out at the place you work,” Tony says, bemused. “And that’s this whole check out the hotties thing you two have got going on.”“Well, we’re in a healthy and secure relationship that’s not governed by irrational jealousy,” Bucky says, challenging grin in place. Tony just shrugs.“We learn to live with it,” he says. Steve looks like he’s going to object for a moment and then just shrugs in agreement.“Speaking of checking out hotties and irrational jealousy,” Sam pipes up. “Did you guys ever hear the story of when Steve first came to get coffee?”Clint chokes on his mouthful of drink, hastily dragging his feet out of Bucky’s lap so he can lean forwards, coughing to try and clear his airways.“We talked about this, Wilson,” Bucky says dangerously. “Pain of death.”The bastard just looks at Natasha. “I fancy my odds,” he says with a flippant grin at Bucky, taking an obvious victory sip of his mocha.“I feel like we need to hear this story,” Tony says immediately, even going as far as to put down his phone.“We don’t need to hear this story,” Clint says hastily. “Sam, no.”“Clint and Bucky both wanted to be there ones to serve Steve because they thought he was the hottest thing on the planet and wanted to flirt,” Natasha interjects smoothly, and it’s Steve’s turn to choke on his drink, much to Tony’s delight if the cackling laughter is anything to judge by. “They fell out over it and then realized they were both being jealous petty man babies.”Sam raises his cup in a toast. “And then they banged.”“And then they banged,” Natasha repeats solemnly.“You two were-” Steve begins, still coughing slightly. He clears his throat and looks from Bucky to Clint, and Clint would quite happily hide under the table right about now. “You were flirting with me? I thought you two were a couple!”Natasha and Sam burst into delighted laughter at that, as does Tony. Clint gives up and leans forwards, banging his head against the table. Bucky stares in affront at Steve, mouth hanging open.“We were not together!”“But, you were looking at each other like-” Steve begins and then gives up. “Well, I’m glad I helped. In a very dysfunctional, weird way.”“I don’t think it was you. Just your butt,” Sam says seriously.Tony hums in agreement. “Your butt could easily start a revolution,” he says to Steve.“I’ll keep that in mind,” Steve says dryly. “Obviously with a great ass comes great responsibility.”“I hate all of you,” Bucky announces. “You’re terrible friends.”“We know,” Natasha says happily, and smiles as Sam kisses her temple.“Barton, we’re moving,” Bucky says seriously. “Come on. I bet the west coast isn’t full of losers.”“I own property on the west coast,” Tony chips in with a smirk. “We’ll just follow you.”“Doomed,” Bucky groans, but he’s meeting Clint eyes and smirking lazily, affecting a put-out sigh. “I guess we should thank Steve’s butt really though. We now get to be super married and have all the sex, so I guess it worked out in the end.”And Clint grins back and leans over to kiss that coffee-flavored smirking mouth, because yeah, it really kind of did.The first time Hinata Shoyou walked into Karasuno Coffee was a brisk October day.It had been a clear day, the sky was that deep blue, the blue that only appears on the prettiest days of fall. The cute little Halloween decorations had recently been hung up on the ceiling and the coffee shop smelled like spices and maple syrup. The leaves were beginning to turn bright colors, and the hot summer air was fading away to a distant memory.Kageyama hated October. Not just October, he had decided that he hated fall. Fall was when the hipsters and annoying white girls flocked to the coffee shop. EVERY SINGLE ONE demanded Pumpkin Spice Lattes, and if there was one thing Kageyama hated making more than frappes, it was that insufferable Pumpkin Spice Latte."I swear," Kageyama grumbled to the cashier Nishinoya, "If one more person orders that stupid latte, I'm going to poison them."Nishinoya chuckled and threw a sympathetic glance in his co-workers direction. "Give them a break. They don't know what a pain in the ass those things are to make!" Nishinoya had been banned from barista duty for the remainder of the season due to an unfortunate number of failed PSL attempts. Kageyama was close to considering following his example, but he knew the manager, Daichi, would get angry and he'd probably be fired.It was a rare occasion. The coffee shop was mostly empty, except for one pudding haired college student who was frantically typing away at his keyboard. The local high school wouldn't let out for another 20 minutes, and most adults had finished their lunch break. The college crowd were the only ones who came in at this hour, and today they had, thankfully, been scarce. Kageyama was savoring the quiet time, dreading the inevitable rush of high school girls looking for their coffee fix before their after school practices started.Nishinoya started pressing random buttons on the cash register to entertain himself, ignoring the frightening looks Kageyama was throwing his way. Ding! Dong! Ding! "Don't worry Tobio, soon the Pumpkin Spice Latte will disappear and be replaced with an even greater evil... The Peppermint Mocha!" the short cashier grinned. What a mistake it was to get a part time job here, thought Kageyama miserably. However, his parents would only pay for so much of his college experience, so here he was, making shitty lattes for minimum wage. He leaned back on the counter and watched the hanging paper ghosts and skeletons flutter in the air conditioning.BANG! The coffee shop's doors opened suddenly and a flustered customer tumbled in. The brisk October wind had forced the light glass door open much harder than the pusher intended, and it was even worse that the customer was so small. He looked to be in high school; maybe even middle school. The customers face was bright red from the cold and from embarrassment. His orange hair was tousled, and his scarf was wrapped hastily around his neck. He kind of reminded Kageyama of a small, hyperactive pumpkin. His frantic eyes scanned the cozy interior, looking for someone. Pumpkin boy's face lit up as he spotted the college kid who was frantically typing away at his computer."Kenmaaaaa," the boy whined. "I've been looking everywhere for you! You promised you'd help me with calculus!" His loud voice carried throughout Karasuno. Not that it was hard; Karasuno was famously tiny, and could maybe fit 20 people at best.Kageyama stared at the newcomer. Obviously he knew the college kid. Maybe he was a younger brother? It had to be. No way was this shrimp a college kid.The customer turned to the counter as if he sensed that Kageyama was staring at him, but his eyes just flicked to the menu above Kageyama's head."Sorry," said the college kid dispassionately. "I'll help you in a minute. I have to finish this level first, I'm really close." The pudding head didn't even glance up from his computer screen.The orange haired kid sighed. "Alright, I'm gonna order something while I wait, OK?" he asked his friend.A noncommittal grunt was the only answer he got, so he walked up to the counter hesitantly. The customer was fidgeting nervously as he looked at the abundance of items on the menu."Welcome to Karasuno! May I take your order?" Nishinoya inquired politely. He smiled encouragingly at the boy.The boy looked at Nishinoya and then gasped. "WOAH, you're shorter than me!" Then he clapped a hand over his mouth and looked mortified at the cashier. Kageyama let out a short laugh and enjoyed the look of horror on the Shorty's face. "I'm so sorry!" he rushed out.Nishinoya just laughed. "Nah it's ok, I get that a lot. Now your order?"Don't say Pumpkin Spice, Don't say Pumpkin Spice. Kageyama begged to the coffee gods in the world."Pumpkin Spice Latte, I guess?" the short kid said hesitantly.Kageyama groaned audibly."What's your problem?" the redhead demanded suddenly. He wasn't glaring at Kageyama, but he looked confused and sort of hurt. "Did I do something wrong?""Yeah," Kageyama rebutted. "You ordered that latte."Nishinoya gave the barrista a withering look and turned back to the customer. "Ignore him. Kageyama, make the latte. And it's free, due to my coworkers abysmal customer service skills."Kageyama shut his mouth and started to sulkily made the latte. He made sure to do everything slowly and as loud as possible so that the shorty knew just how much trouble he was causing him. Said shorty was sticking his tongue out at Kageyama's back. What a pain. Kageyama didn't know what it was about this customer, but he rubbed him the wrong way.Nishinoya rang up Shorty's order and asked for his name. Kageyama didn't hear it because he was too busy boisterously scooping out ice. Stupid little kids and their stupid lattes. He grabbed the cup that Nishinoya handed to him and began making the most ANNOYING latte ever to grace the halls of Karasuno. When he was done he looked at the name. Hinata Shoyo. An annoying name for an annoying kid."Here's your iced Pumpkin Spice Latte," he grumbled as he shoved the drink over the counter to Hinata's face. "Enjoy." He didn't sound sincere at all.Hinata grabbed the coffee and took a sip. His face broke out into a wide smile and Kageyama swore he saw sparkles and rainbow appear next to him. "Holy shit this is good." He turned to his friend, who was still playing his game, and yelled "Kenma! These are great!""Thats nice, Shoyo."The boy grinned slyly and looked out the corner of his eye. "I think I'm going to order one every day after morning classes from now on."Kageyama glared at Hinata. He barely even knew the guy, and he had already pissed him off beyond belief. His hands curled into the pockets of his black apron, and he resisted the urge to throttle his customer.As he obnoxiously sipped his drink, the pumpkin hair boy said, "Yup. These are the best."At this time, Hinata's friend had finally finished his game, thank God. Maybe now this menace will leave. he thought hopefully. This time the coffee gods took pity on him."Let's get back to our dorm." The boy said quietly.Dorm? So this bothersome chibi was in college. That meant that Hinata was doomed to be short the rest of his life. Kageyama felt a wave of smugness wash over him."What are you looking so pleased about, Mr. Grumpy?" Hinata challenged Kageyama as he was walking out the festively decorated door."I'm pleased because you're finally leaving, you annoying brat!" Tobio barked back before he could stop himself. "Who are you calling a brat, huh? I bet we're the same age.""Maybe, but I'm taller."Hinata looked like he wanted to say more but he noticed that Nishinoya was laughing loudly at their exchange and that Kenma had already left the building and was halfway across the parking lot. "I'm coming back soon, and next time I'll order 10 Pumpkin Spice Lattes!" he threatened as he rushed out the door before Kageyama could yell a response back.Nishinoya watched the short boy run to his friend in the parking lot at full speed with an amused expression. "That kid was something else!" he chuckled. "I hope he comes back, he seems fun!"Rolling his eyes at the cashier, Kageyama grumbled. "I don't." He'd feel perfectly content if he never had to see pumpkin boy again. Maybe. Because arguing with him had not been entertaining. Not at all. He definitely did not feel a little rush of anticipation when Hinata had said he was coming back soon. Not at all.The normal rush of highschoolers came tumbling in a minute later, and Kageyama didn't have much time to reflect on the strange boy any more."I'll have a large Pumpkin Spice Latte!" said the first customer breathlessly.God, he hated fall. Queen Allura's coronation is the biggest story in the news right now, but there are still questions about the ousting of former Defense Secretary Zarkon and his closest employees for staging a coup against the then-princess. What alerted the queen and her allies to this attempt on her life? What intelligence was shared with the Galra Empire, and how connected were the recent attacks from Galran citizens to the attempted coup? Is there any truth to the theory circulating online that Prince Lance McClain, her Majesty's cousin, is involved in the matter? If so, is that why he hasn't been spotted outside of the palace for more than three weeks now? Answers are slow to come from the palace now that they've cracked down on information leaks, but there's sure to be more released in the coming weeks. Now we're back to Allison with the weather, for what looks like a gorgeous day in Altea.   Lance tiptoes his way around the corner, doing his best to keep from making any noise. He's only lived in the palace for a year now, but he spent a lot of time here growing up, visiting his cousin and attending royal parties or ceremonies or banquets when required. He knows most of the shortcuts, and a few of the hidden passages, and where he's least likely to be noticed sneaking out.His shoes are silent on the tiled floors, and he sticks close to the walls, but he still feels like he's only seconds from being caught. Worse than palace security is if Shay, his bodyguard, notices he's missing. He'd asked her a little while ago to check up on Hunk, who was getting a movie set up in the theater room for their weekly movie session, and then sneakily followed her down the hallway, veering off towards one of the back exits that the kitchen staff uses.Unfortunately that means that there's more people back here to notice him, but most of the staff are busy carrying dishes or piles of linens, and the ones that do notice him just cheerfully tip their head in acknowledgement. He's a fixture here, after a year, and well known among the kitchen and cleaning staff. Some of them, the more traditional ones, will murmur his full title when they nod, but some of them just say, "Good morning, Prince Lance! Anything you need?" It's simple to wave them off and sneak further and further out, until he's winding his way through the final  corridor towards the back entrance.There's usually only one guard stationed back here, to check the staff before they come into the palace, but after the coup, with Allura and her intelligence committee not entirely certain all of the members of the conspiracy had been arrested, the security has been upped to three guards, and checks on who was entering the castle were more intensive.He's hoping that they won't be paying too much attention to who's leaving.Lance takes a deep breath, straightens his shoulders, and slips into line with a group of staff who are loading up boxes of cushions and rugs that are being sent out for cleaning, picking up a box with them. He'd donned the plain black and white uniform of the staff earlier, and keeps his head ducked low to the ground as he walks with the men and women carrying the rest of the furnishings."Jesse and I will drop these off, and we'll be back in about an hour. There should not be any other deliveries in that time, but Ruby will let you know if something comes up," Carlotta, the head of staff, says to one of the guards. Lance lowers his head even further -- she's been around the castle since he was a baby, and would probably give him up to the guards in a heartbeat if she spotted him. She'd been the one to approach Coran about possible rumors of a coup, and she was taking the entire thing very seriously. She'd been around enough royal children that she would have no problems dragging him back inside by the ear. She'd probably chastise him about the dangers of going outside right now, and then give him a cookie and send him on his way like she'd done when he was younger.He needs to get out though. He needs to see Keith.So he keeps his face lowered slightly, his gait confident. He makes amused noises when the person in front of him tells a joke, and sighs deeply along with the others when the line is held up as someone adjusts. He does his best to look like he belongs here, and when he steps, blinking, into the sunshine, hefting his box a little higher, the guards don't pay him any mind. They're watching idly as the boxes are loaded, Carlotta directing the staff even though they've done this probably dozens of times. Lance quickly shuffles his box into the van waiting to be loaded and then shimmies off to the side a little, milling behind the others as they stretch and discuss how to stack the boxes so that they all will be returned to the appropriate rooms. He kneels down, ostensibly fixing his shoe, and then moves swiftly around the side of the van and towards the gate that will lead him to the exit on the grounds.There's less security out in the royal gardens, because it's a public area, so once he's beyond the view of the guards and the staff, he vaults over the small wall separating the path and the gardens. When he lands on the other side, he's in a small alcove where there's a bench and a lamp post next to a bush filled with purple blooms. He straightens, fixing his shirt, and quickly makes his way towards the exit of the gardens, skirting his way around children playing in the grass and couples strolling hand in hand.When he hits the street, he starts whistling.He's well familiar with the path to the coffee shop by now. Topped Off sits diagonally across the street from the Hall of Lions, which has only just returned to normal after their infiltration a few weeks ago. It still doesn't feel quite real, sneaking into a government building to rescue the boy he'd started falling for from the moment he saw him. He really still doesn't know how they even did it. Lance is pretty sure Pidge was contacted to help with reconfiguring the security for the building, even though their entry to the system had apparently been more smash and grab than finessed. Pidge had confessed that they'd gone for 'noticeable but effective' rather than the sneaky way they'd been planning, in order to get to Keith faster -- Lance honestly couldn't care. He's just glad Keith had gotten out of the night with only a headache and sore wrists.He pushes open the door to the shop, taking in the familiar bell chime just as Keith glances up and notices him. The smile that spread across his face is involuntary, sweet and genuine -- the sight of it warms Lance's stomach like a banked fire, and he grins back, waving his hand a little. Keith tilts his head in acknowledgement, but doesn't stop tapping the register as he takes in a girl's order, nodding along with her instructions. Pidge is too caught up in their machines to notice him, but Nyma gives him a pleasant, if perhaps slightly sardonic, smile as she heads into the back room, carrying a few empty mugs.Lance slips into line behind the girl and listens to her order. The shop is fairly empty, but there are still several people sitting at tables, and Lance wonders if any of them will notice him. The only other time he's come into the shop without a hat or sunglasses, he'd also been desperate to see Keith and hadn't cared about the rumors that might have followed him if anyone recognized him. It had been easy for their PR management to handwave unsubstantiated rumors, especially given how quickly Lance had left, but he'd been warned to avoid being seen together until they were ready to release information about Lance's new boyfriend.But he's tired of waiting. He and Keith had only been able to talk through texts and skype for the last few weeks, and it was getting harder and harder to ignore the aching in his chest whenever he looked at him. After two weeks of seeing him every day, after finally getting to kiss him breathless, he doesn't want to settle for messages and video.So he stands impatiently as Pidge fills the order, shifting from one foot to the other. He and Keith are staring at each other, silent, a nervously excited energy swelling between them. If they were alone, Lance would cross behind the counter in a heartbeat and kiss him hello, but he knows that's not possible -- maybe it's not even something Keith would like. There's still so much he has to learn about him.As soon as the girl is leaving the shop with her order, Lance is up next to the counter, smiling. He feels almost shy seeing the smile on Keith's face, which is a strange feeling for him. He's faced diplomats, visiting royalty,  Allura  in the early morning -- none of them compare to the twisting in his gut, looking at Keith."How did you get out?" Keith asks, leaning forward, voice low. His dark eyes are amused."Hello to you too, sweetheart," Lance says, planting his own elbows on the counter.Keith makes an apologetic face, his cheeks going pink. "Hi," he says belatedly. "How did you get out?""I've got a few tricks up my sleeve," Lance says coyly. "I can't give them all away now though. Got to keep the mystery alive.""Lance," Keith says wryly, "I don't think anything will top 'actual prince' on the list of your mysteries surrounding you since I've known you.""That was barely a mystery," Lance says dismissively. "You're just bad at noticing things.""Are you thirsty or can I stop listening to this?" Pidge asks. Lance startles, glancing at them. He'd forgotten they were there, but they're leaned against the other counter, arms folded, a single raised eyebrow challenging him."I'm fine," Lance says, waving a hand. "Keith can make me something if I need it."Pidge snorts. "Keith can make tea and barely manages a decent latte. But fine, let me know if you change your mind." They pat Keith on the shoulder as they pass behind him, heading into the back. It's quiet for a moment, Keith fidgeting with the pen on the counter. He looks uncertain, which Lance isn't used to at all."I snuck out," he says abruptly. Keith looks up at him. "I pretended to be one of the cleaning staff, and I got out through the public gardens. I'm sure Shay and Hunk are blowing up my phone right now.""It's movie day," Keith says pointedly. "You told me you were looking forward to it, because it was a nostalgia theme week.""Jurassic Park will still be there when I go back," Lance says solemnly. "I wanted to see you." Keith's eyes widen a little, and he ducks his head, but not before Lance sees the smile tugging at his lips. "This is the part where you say  Me too, Lance, " Lance prompts him, although he's ridiculously charmed by Keith's awkwardness."Of course I wanted to see you," Keith says, rolling his eyes. Lance beams at him brightly, feeling almost giddy. "I also don't want you to be locked up in your room for weeks every time we  do  get to see each other," Keith continues. "What if they decide I'm a bad influence on you?""First of all, we both know who the bad influence in this relationship is, and it's the person who thought breaking into a government building was a good idea," Lance says. "Which everyone who has control over me is well aware of. You're like, my impulse control, really."Keith snorts. "Your impulse control would have stopped you from doing that, not gone along with it. Also, the idea of me being anyone's impulse control would literally make Shiro cry."Lance laughs loudly and then glances around, worried someone has heard him. No one looks up at him, either wrapped up in their own conversations or glued to their phones, but he leans in closer and lowers his voice anyway. "Speaking of, what are the chances of me getting invited to your house ever again?""Pretty good," Keith says, shrugging. "He's basically watching me like a hawk when I'm not here in the shop, but as long as we're not planning a heist, I think he's cool with you. He just wants me to be happy, so keeping you away from me wouldn't be a good strategy."The offhand way he says it smooths down Lance's spine like a hand, pleasant and comforting. Keith isn't great at affection -- he doesn't use pet names, not unless he's mocking Lance, and he doesn't often know how to respond to Lance's flirting, but he says things with such sincerity, without trying to say it to prove something to Lance or to impress him.He's grown up with people trying to curry favor with him, to prove they care the most about him, insisting that they're fond of him for himself and not for his proximity to power and wealth. Keith doesn't even try to convince him -- Keith pushes him and argues with him and jokes with him, and Lance never once feels like Keith is seeing Lance's family or title. Keith just sees him."What about this Friday?" he asks. On the counter, he tiptoes his fingers across the surface, getting closer and closer to Keith's hand. Keith's fingers tap themselves casually in an offbeat rhythm, until Lance close enough to wind their fingers together. Keith's mouth curves at the edges. "I won't even ask to see you outside of your house, I'll go over and we can sit on the couch in front of your brother and be supervised the whole time."Keith shudders but squeezes Lance's hand. "That sounds horrible.""This is all part of my master plan," Lance says confidently."Which is?" Keith asks, tilting his head."If I'm going to convince Shiro to let me steal you away for a semester abroad next year, then I've got to be on his good side," Lance says."A semester abroad?" Keith asks slowly. "When did you--""I'm going to be going to France next spring, as part of an exchange program. It'll be partly a diplomacy thing, partly for my education. I'll kind of be doing an internship there, but I'd really like to take you too," Lance says, grinning. A thought occurs to him when Keith just continues to stare at him, and his smile fades quickly. "If you want, that is? Shit, I didn't even think to ask if you would be interested in--""Yeah," Keith says abruptly. The bridge of his nose is distractingly pink. "I mean, yes, of course. You said that, last time -- you were going to travel. I've never actually even been outside of Altea before," he admits. "I don't think I even have a passport.""All the more reason for me to convince Shiro as soon as possible that I'm not going to be bad for you," Lance says, winking, trying not to show how relieved he is. "I don't know if you've noticed, but I'm charming as hell. I have faith in my abilities here."Keith snorts, but it sounds fond. "Sure. I'll ask him about it.""It's a date, then," Lance says, and then suddenly feels unsure about whether or not it's okay to say that. Keith had called him his boyfriend last time he was here, but they hadn't talked at all about what they wanted their relationship to look like. Keith was Lance's first boyfriend, and only the third person he'd ever really dated. He didn't think that a middle school relationship really counted, and his last girlfriend had been an awkward relationship where she'd been excited to date him up until she realized he was followed literally nonstop by either press or a bodyguard. Their dates had been stilted and he hadn't known what to do or how to act. He  still  doesn't know.His hand suddenly feels sweaty in Keith's grasp, but Keith just tightens his grip and replies, nonchalantly, "I'll cook something for you.""Hey," Lance says, profoundly relieved but trying not to show it. "I've heard about your cooking skills. I thought you liked me.""Fuck off," Keith says, but he laughs. "I can make some things. And I'm better than my brother. Besides, you can help me out.""Sounds good," Lance says, grinning. Their eyes meet and hold; Keith is so  cute  , with his long lashes and messy hair. Lance's tongue feels heavy in his mouth, which is good, because all he wants to do right now is let all of his feelings for Keith spill out. It's like he's been storing them up while they've been kept apart, and all he wants to do is say something ridiculous like,  You're so pretty and clever and I like your sarcasm and your wrinkled clothing and even the dark circles under your eyes, I like the way you know how to reassure me without even trying, I like that you don't know how to do this any more than I do, I like you I like you I like you. He's just about decided to screw the rest of the people in the coffee shop and kiss Keith anyway, but there's a loud buzzing from Keith's pocket, and they both look down at it. Keith reaches with his free hand and pulls it out, and then sighs."It's Hunk," he says, smiling a little ruefully. "I think you're in trouble." He holds up the phone, and the display reads,  TELL LANCE HE HAS TEN MINUTES TO GET BACK HERE OR I'M TELLING ALLURA. "I'm definitely in trouble," Lance says, wincing. "Should have known better. Hunk loves Jurassic Park.""I'll talk to Shiro," Keith says. "So -- I'll see you on Friday?""Yes," Lance promises, even though he knows he's going to have to do some major begging in order to swing it. He's not above begging though, not when it means actually getting to date his boyfriend. "Friday. Sounds good. I guess I have to go now, though." He makes a face and then starts to pull away.Keith's hand tightens on his and then he’s tugging him back across the counter, planting a kiss on the side of his cheek -- Lance turns his head in surprise at the last second, and it lands awkwardly on the corner of his mouth, which makes Keith laugh when he pulls away. Lance has the ridiculous urge to reach up and touch where Keith's lips had been."Have fun," Keith says, letting go, flushed pink. Lance falls back onto his feet from where he'd risen onto his toes. His face feels hot. "Tell Hunk and Shay I said hi.""Okay," Lance says, staring at him. It takes him a moment to remember he has to turn around to leave. All he can think about is how much he wants to stay. "I'll call you," he says, and then finally starts heading for the door."Enjoy your dinosaurs," Keith calls, and then there's just the chiming of the door as it opens and closes behind Lance.He makes it back to the palace in eight minutes, panting a little from running, and finds Hunk out front of the palace gardens, looking exasperated but amused."I'm gonna help you sneak back in," Hunk says. "Shay is already distracting the guards at the back, she's just waiting on a text from me.""You guys are the best," Lance says honestly, clasping his hands together. "I don't deserve you. I owe you a hundred thousand favors. I love you both so--""Yeah, yeah," Hunk says, wrapping an arm around Lance's shoulders. "I've heard it before. What was all of that about, huh?"Lance sighs, leaning against his best friend. They start winding their way through the garden, taking familiar paths that they'd traversed when they were younger and just visiting the palace together, or playing hide and seek among the statues and the topiary. They've walked here enough that they know which paths are more commonly traveled and which feel like secret places where only you've ever been."I just wanted to see him," Lance says. His voice sounds strange, almost hollow. "I know it's only been a couple of weeks, but I missed him."Hunk is quiet for a moment, as they both duck under a low hanging tree branch and automatically make their way to the left of a statue of a particularly round and pleasant looking royal who'd died probably a hundred years ago. When he finally speaks, he still sounds exasperated and amused. "I don't exactly blame you, but you should have at least let us know, you know. Shay and I understand where you're coming from. We know how you feel about him."Lance hunches his shoulders, sighing. "I know," he murmurs. "Something about him makes me -- I dunno, I just want to be around him all the time.""You're ridiculous," Hunk says, shaking his head fondly. They make their way to the fence, where they peer over and see Shay smiling up at the guards and making them laugh. "Okay, I'll buzz her. Get ready to roll.""Gotcha," Lance says. There's a beat of quiet, both of them watching Shay, and then Lance says, "By the way, I've got a date this Friday.""Lance, " Hunk says, longsuffering, but Lance is already jumping the fence and hurrying to the back door, grinning.   
chrissy t. @christmasbelles: you guys, i swear this is like the third time i've heard someone say they thought they saw lance at this coffee shop on main? can someone confirm????

 jellyfishing @plaxplease: my girlfriend works at that shop and she's told me it's just her coworker's boyfriend. they just look alike. let's not spread rumors, ok?? 

 Chelsea McClain @lancefan101: it's probably just some guy named lance, like anyone could see THE prince and not know for sure it was him ❤ 
   He feels good about the whole thing up until the point that he's on Keith's doorstep. It had taken a  lot  of haggling, first with Allura and then with Coran and  then  with Shay, but one by one they'd relented. There are two armed guards stationed across the street, and Shay sitting in the car right outside, and Shiro has to stay in the house the entire time with them within earshot, but everything had finally come together. And now he's chickening out on the front porch."You are meant to knock on the door, Lance," Shay calls out from the car, demonstrating helpfully how to knock. He shoots her a dirty look and she smiles at him."I know that," he hisses back at her, turning around and throwing his arms wide. "I'm just -- do I look okay? My hair is okay? Shit, I need to change my shoes--""We actually leave our shoes at the front door, so it doesn't matter," Keith says, and Lance yelps. When he turns back around, Keith is leaning in the doorway with a smirk, arms crossed as he looks at Lance. Lance can hear Shay smothering laughter behind him, which he resolutely ignores."Hey," he says nervously. "Hi.""Hey," Keith says. "Hi. Did you want to come in, or are we having this date out here?""You're teasing me," Lance says, trying to sound dignified, "But I absolutely think our next date should be outside. I was thinking about the gardens.""You're already planning our next date?" Keith asks, blinking. Lance flushes red, closing his mouth. They stare at each other, but then Keith breaks into a smile after a moment and gestures for him to follow him inside. "See you, Shay!" he says, waving a hand at her. She gives him a thumbs up and then turns back to her phone. Lance is like, eighty percent sure she's bugged him and will be listening to the entire date, but he can't prove it.Lance obligingly toes off his shoes next to where there are neatly lined pairs, Keith's slightly scuffed sneakers next to Shiro's tidy derby shoes. As he nudges them into place, Lance is suddenly overwhelmingly aware that his shoes probably cost more than all of the shoes in this house combined. He stares at his socked feet until Keith clears his throat and walks away towards the living room. Lance shakes his head and follows.It looks exactly the same as it had when Lance was last here. Books are everywhere, scifi and history and harlequin and nonfiction, all of them piled on tables and bookshelves and the floor. There's family photos, a few on a mantel over a decorative fireplace, a few on the coffee table. Most of them are of Shiro and Keith, but there are a few that feature much younger brothers and a man and woman who must be their parents. The photograph of a young Keith in his soccer uniform is still on the wall; in it, Keith beams at the camera and flashes a peace sign."Shiro's in his room," Keith says, pointing down the hall. "Listening very closely. He told me to tell you that.""Noted," Lance says, wincing. The last time he'd seen Shiro, he'd been pressing Keith against the wall while they kissed only a few days after he got Keith kidnapped, so he's not entirely surprised that Shiro is being overprotective."I, uh, have Netflix, or we can just find something to watch on tv, or do something else? We have a gaming console but we don't keep a lot of games because neither of us really has time for it. Shiro plays when he can't sleep, mostly.""I think I can see what takes up most of your time," Lance says, lifting a book off of the couch to examine the cover. It's a book depicting artwork from Japanese Americans during the 1940s, with a scrap of receipt paper from a sandwich shop as the bookmark. He sits down, flipping through it curiously. "Is this one yours?""That was mom's, actually," Keith says, settling down onto the couch. "Shiro was looking through it the other night, I guess he left it out."Lance's hands seem too clumsy all of a sudden, like he's holding porcelain instead of paper, and he puts the book carefully down on the coffee table, one corner at a time. "Oh," he says, feeling like he's intruded without meaning to. He puts his hands in his lap, not quite sure what to say.It's quiet for maybe thirty seconds, before Keith leans in close to Lance, resting his head against his shoulder. Lance startles, the scent of warm vanilla flooding his nose. When he looks down, Keith is nonchalantly fiddling with the remote, but there's a determined look in his eyes that belies him.  He's nervous too, Lance realizes."What did you wanna watch?" Keith asks, flipping through genres faster than Lance can keep up."Um," Lance says, still looking down at where they're touching all along their sides. His arm is around Keith's back, his hand gingerly on the curve of his hip. He's never been this close to Keith before, except when they kissed, and he's admittedly a little distracted. "What are you in the mood for?""Hmm," Keith hums, not really responding. He ends up putting something on that promises to have a lot of banter and fast cars and probably a boringly predictable ending, and then settles closer to Lance, tucking his head more securely against his shoulder.Lance's blood is buzzing in his veins at how close they are; he hadn't expected to get to be this close, and now he doesn't know what to do with his hands or what to say. For all that he's spent so much time talking to Keith the last month or so, they haven't been physically close very much at all, always separated by a counter or by a phone. Up until now, Lance hadn't known that Keith smelled of coffee creamer, that his hair was softer than its messiness suggested, that his head fit perfectly against Lance's shoulder."Stop thinking so loudly," Keith says. Lance looks at his face, where his eyes are still trained on the television but there's a smirk curling at the corners of his mouth."I'm not!" Lance protests, except it's obviously a lie. Keith drags his eyes away from the opening credits to look up at Lance, a single eyebrow raised. "Fine," Lance admits. "I wasn't -- expecting this. Being so close, I mean -- I'm not used to it with you. I'm kind of freaking out.""In a bad way?" Keith asks, lifting his head up and frowning."No!" Lance says, maybe too loud. He tightens his grip on Keith, holding him close in case he tries to move away. "It's just different," he continues in a softer voice, relieved when Keith puts his head back down. "I kind of thought you wouldn't want to cuddle like this."There's a long pause as they watch someone stare broodingly into the distance, music swelling behind him. Keith finally murmurs, "I miss you. When I don't see you, I mean."  Lance opens his mouth to say something, but Keith shifts against him, almost restlessly, like he's uncomfortable but intent on continuing. "I'm not -- I've never missed anyone like this before."Oh.  Oh. Lance's heart goes into overdrive, pounding so loudly in his chest that there's no way Keith can't hear it, pressed against him the way he is. "I miss you all of the time," he confesses. "I think about you constantly, even when I'm doing boring things, like what you'd think of my room or if you like sugary cereal or -- or how much I want to kiss you.""I've seen your room when we skype," Keith says. "You've got posters of pop stars on the wall.""Oh my god," Lance says, rolling his eyes."And I like all kinds of cereal," Keith continues. Lance can tell without seeing his face directly that he's grinning. In the background, several explosions start onscreen. Keith looks up at him, tilting his head towards Lance; his eyes flash wickedly in the orange and yellow glow from the television. "And there's nothing stopping you from kissing me now.""Your brother is down the hallway," Lance says hesitantly, but his pulse picks up at the thought, at how close they are, at how warm and heavy Keith against him. All he would have to do is lean in just a little and he could kiss him again, only their second kiss ever. "He'll hear something.""I picked a movie with explosions for a reason," Keith says, grinning, and then without warning leans in and kisses Lance himself. He puts a hand on Lance's other shoulder and pushes himself up so he can hover above Lance, practically straddling him. Lance hears himself make a noise deep in his throat, tilting his head to deepen the kiss immediately, caught up in the feeling of Keith, surrounding him. He tastes sort of sweet, like cola, and Lance chases that taste when Keith's hands find their way into his hair and hold him in place. Keith dominates the kiss, but Lance is more than willing to go along for the ride, only moving when Keith pulls back, red-cheeked and slightly breathless."See?" Keith says, murmuring. The explosions on the television are dying down, making Lance acutely aware of how shallowly he's breathing. He loosens his grip when Keith leans back and settles onto the couch again, both of them ruffled but smiling."Pretty sneaky," Lance says, once he's sure he can speak properly. Keith smirks at him and focuses on the movie again, curling up against him. "How many explosions are in this movie?" he asks, resting his head on top of Keith's."Like five more," Keith says. Lance laughs as softly as he can.After the movie -- after many more quiet kisses -- they remember that Keith had promised to cook for him, so they make their way to the kitchen, where they fumble their way through grilled cheese sandwiches and binge on cookies pillaged from the coffee shop. Keith accidentally blackens one side of the first sandwich, but Lance eats it adamantly, ignoring the slightly burnt flavor. Keith rolls his eyes but shoots him a pleased grin, and they split a third sandwich that's absolutely perfect, golden brown and gooey. It's simple, just bread and butter and cheese, but it's one of the best meals Lance has ever eaten.Shiro never emerges from his room, which relieves Lance greatly, but when ten o'clock rolls around, he gets a text from Shay that they'll have to leave soon to get back to the palace. He and Keith had been butchering a board game that was meant for more than two people, inventing their own set of rules, each of them competitive enough to cheat in order to try and win -- Lance only notices the text on his phone because he threatens to google the proper meaning of a word he's almost sure that Keith is twisting to mean something else."Shit," he says, deflating at the sight of the notification. "I've got to leave. It's getting late.""Oh," Keith says, squinting at the clock on the wall. "You're right. Is Shay mad?""Nah," Lance says, reluctantly putting the board game back in its box. "She's fine, just wants me to be back before curfew.""Okay," Keith says. They stand up from the floor, stretching out, gathering Lance's jacket, putting the game back where it belongs; prolonging the inevitable.  Lance puts his shoes on, knotting them twice while Keith hovers next to him, and then stands up and faces the front door, sighing."This was really fun," Lance says, which sounds trite but is completely true. He can't remember the last time he felt so  happy,  even though they hadn't done anything special or unique. Being with Keith just -- felt  right.  It felt the same way stargazing felt, or how he felt when he'd realized that he could make a difference with his fame. It felt like realizing part of who he really was."Yeah?" Keith asks, smiling. "I guess you have a lot to live up to for the second date, huh?"Lance blinks at him, and tilts his head when Keith just continues to smile. "Wait. Are you trying to make  this  a competition?""Of course not," Keith says insincerely. "That wouldn't be fair at all.""Wouldn't be fair?" Lance says indignantly. "I'm hella romantic dude. I'll smoke you.""Sure," Keith says. "I look forward to it."Lance narrows his eyes and points. "You, me -- next Friday. I'm going to take you on a date that will knock your socks off.""Sounds great," Keith says innocently. He opens the door, where they can see Shay sitting in the car, still on her phone. She glances up at them, smiles and waves, and then looks down again. "I'll see you Friday then," Keith says, glancing at Lance from under his lashes. He's leaning against the door frame, hair still ruffled from their kissing earlier, eyes bright somehow in the darkness."I'll call you when I get home," Lance says, leaning in and kissing him gently. Keith doesn't even have time to close his eyes before Lance is pulling away, but he smiles, pleased, and bites his lower lip.Keith watches him from the front door until he's in the car, and doesn't close it until they're pulling away. Lance locks eyes with him and watches even after Keith has gone inside, until Shay turns the street and he can't see the house anymore."Did you have fun?" Shay asks, even though she clearly knows the answer.Lance leans his head against the seat, breathing in deeply. He closes his eyes and his mind fills with images of Keith immediately, snorting at the cheesy lines in the movie, cursing when he burned the sandwich, the way his breath had shuddered when Lance had kissed him goodbye."It was the best night of my life," Lance says honestly. It feels like there's something warm and fluttering in his chest, and he clings to that feeling all the way home.  
Here's some hot gossip -- Prince Lance was spotted returning very late last night to the palace, after almost four weeks of no sightings. Where was our favorite prince coming in from? He's been unusually quiet all summer, with only a few charity events and the coronation as chances for us fans to see him. Could his late night return signal something juicy going on in the prince's personal life? We'll keep an eye out for him and see!
    Friday dawns gray and cloudy, which isn't ideal at all. "Hunk," Lance says, staring out at the sky with frustration, "I need you to change the weather.""And how should I do that?" Hunk asks, not looking up from the book he's reading."You're a science guy," Lance says petulantly, closing his blinds in a huff. "You can figure something out. I believe in you.""I'm not sure that I can change the laws of physics in a morning, but for you, Lance, I'll try," Hunk says, turning a page idly. Shay laughs from where she's sitting on Hunk's other side, playing a game on her phone."It is not raining yet," Shay reminds Lance. "There is only a small chance for it. You should go on your date, and if anything happens, you are right next to the castle."Lance exhales, then nods. "You're right. It's just a picnic. It's not like it has to be  perfect."  Except that he wants it to be perfect."Absolutely," Hunk says. "You got this, buddy."After coordinating with security, Lance heads down to the gardens, sneaking past the other people out there enjoying the overcast day, making his way to the biggest tree in the entire area, which is thankfully well off of the most-used paths. The branches are due for a trimming, hanging down low over the grass, casting dappled shadows across his skin. The wind whips the leaves back and forth a little, but it's a pleasant sensation as he sets his basket down and starts to set everything up.A thick fluffy blanket goes down first, spread out over the entire area, red because he knows that's Keith's favorite color. He brought pillows along as well for them to sit on, because the ground is kind of bumpy over  the roots, and because it looks nicer. He opens the basket he'd filled with stuff from the kitchens and laughs. Someone, probably one of the cooks, has snuck a bouquet of pink and yellow roses into the basket. He takes it out and carefully scatters the flowers over the corners of the blankets, standing back and surveying everything with a critical eye.His phone rings while he's adjusting a few flowers, and he grabs for it and thumbs it open to see Keith calling."Hello?" he says. "Are you here?""Yes," Keith says. He sounds distracted. "It's really gray out.""It's fine," Lance says determinedly. "And anyways, I'm under a huge tree. Um, an oak I think? It’s enormous, even if it rains we'll be okay. Can you find me?""You gave me very specific instructions," Keith says, laughing a little. "I'll figure it out.""Stay on the phone with me," Lance says. "Just in case.""I can't decide if you doubt me or if you're trying to be cute," Keith says, huffing a little. Lance can hear the sound of children laughing in the background of the call, which means Keith is still in the open with everyone else. "Hey," Keith says, "Your instructions say to go left at the statue of King Alfor but that's just a bush.""Yeah, jump it," Lance says. "It's the quickest way to get here.""Sure, yeah, I'll just  jump the bush," Keith says. "That's not weird.""No one is looking at you," Lance says, using the tip of his finger to nudge another rose into place. "Although don't trip on the bush, our gardeners are super protective and would not appreciate it if my boyfriend ruined one of their plants.""Maybe they'd appreciate  my  boyfriend giving me better instructions," Keith mutters. Lance blows him a kiss through the phone, then looks up as footsteps near him. "Okay, I think I've--"His voice cuts out as he ducks under the branches of the tree to come face to face with Lance. His eyes widen, taking in the blanket and the flowers and the basket, with Lance sitting sprawled on his side with the pillows. Lance has taken the liberty of tucking a rose behind his ear, where it's balanced precariously, threatening to fall out."Et voila," Lance says, gesturing grandly. "A romantic picnic in the park."Keith continues to stare, and then snorts, breaking into laughter. Lance holds his pose, waiting, and Keith moves to his side, still chuckling, settling onto the blanket next to him. "There's petals in your hair," Keith says. His eyes are warm, crinkled at the edges as he looks at Lance. His hair is windblown, his cheeks faintly flushed. He looks like some kind of daydream, especially when he reaches out and tucks the rose more firmly behind Lance's ear."What do you think?" Lance asks, sitting up a little. "Romantic enough?" As if on cue, a bird trills nearby, and a gentle breeze wafts through the canopy of green. Keith leans back on his hands, taking in their surroundings critically."It's alright," he says finally, glancing at Lance. His grin belies his noncommittal tone. "Where are the bodyguards?""Do you mean Shay or do you mean the guards who are stationed throughout the garden in plains clothes?" Lance asks."Both," Keith says."Shay is actually around the corner, within earshot if I yell. She's supposed to be making sure no one comes to this part of the garden. I also have a panic button that will alert her if I need to." He pulls it out of his pocket and flashes it at Keith. "The guards are no big deal, I grew up with them and they're all cool. They usually only watch me when I'm out of the country or at a big event, but they've been hanging around closer after all the coup stuff.""Good," Keith says. "Just wanted to make sure no one was watching us through binoculars before I did this."He leans in and kisses Lance, pressing softly at first but then harder. Lance wobbles a little on his elbow, unbalanced but then grabs hold of Keith's neck with his other hand to press closer. Keith tastes like tea today, something spicy and fragrant; his mouth is a hot brand that lights up the nerves along Lance's spine, prompting him to make a soft noise in the back of his throat.Keith pulls away, flushed. "I thought we should get that out of the way," he says, leaning back onto his side."What, instead of waiting until the end of the date?" Lance asks, feeling sort of pleasantly buzzed. His mouth feels warm and he's sorely tempted to roll over and pin Keith to the blanket and keep kissing him, but that wouldn't really be a date, and he's determined to give Keith a good one."Exactly," Keith says. His hand reaches out again and pulls a petal out of Lance's hair, which he flicks to the side."Dessert before the meal," Lance says, shaking his head. "I should have known you were that kind of guy.""Speaking of," Keith says. "Please tell me there's something in that basket other than flowers and pillows.""There's a lot," Lance admits, sitting up. "I think the cooks kind of went overboard when I told them it was for a date." He reaches into the basket and pulls out four different kinds of sandwiches, a fruit platter, a cracker spread, and an enormous package of adorably tiny treats, cookies and brownies and little cupcakes. "I helped with the sandwiches," Lance says, "But they wouldn't let me do the rest. They said I needed to impress you.""Well consider me impressed," Keith says amusedly.They're digging through the food, trying to decide what to eat, when there's a loud clap of thunder, and then a brief stillness in which their eyes meet. They both blink once, and then there's a torrential downpour, the clouds opening up and spilling heavy rain. Luckily for them, the tree they're under is thick enough that only a few splatters of rain fall through, and it's easy enough to pull the blanket away from the edges of the canopy and crowd close to Keith. There are shrieks from the other people in the gardens as they hurry to cover, which makes Keith laugh a little."Delighting in other's misery?" Lance asks, nudging him."I love the rain," Keith says, still grinning. "It wouldn't be miserable to be out in it.""I love the rain too," Lance admits. "Usually I prefer enjoying it from indoors, but it's always nice to hear a thunderstorm rolling through.""When I was younger," Keith starts to say, but Lance doesn't get a chance to find out what happened when Keith was younger, because there are suddenly pounding footsteps as someone runs towards them. Lance only has time to grab hold of Keith's hand, ready to pull him to safety, before someone is ducking under the branches of the tree, dripping wet and gasping for breath. They're followed by three other people, who huddle closer together, wiping their eyes and glasses before they look around and lock eyes with Keith and Lance."Your Highness!" one of them gasps, a taller woman with pink hair. The others jolt a little, straightening and then peering curiously at the two of them, laying pressed close together under a tree with roses scattered all around them. Lance feels his stomach twisting in shock, and his grip tightens on Keith's arm reflexively."We're so sorry," one of the other people says, pushing damp hair out of his face. "We didn't know anyone was here.""Especially not the prince," another person chimes in from the back."Um," Lance says, unsure what to say."Are you -- are you on a date?" the pink haired girl asks, squinting at Keith. "Hey, don't I know you from somewhere--" Keith stiffens next to Lance, eyes widening."Excuse me," a pleasant voice interrupts. "We ask that you vacate the gardens during the inclement weather." It's Shay, standing with an umbrella behind the other people. She's flanked by Lance's guards, who look upon the soggy group with professional detachment that's belied by the fact that they're all clearly on edge.  Shay's smiling politely, but her tone allows no room for argument. "Please follow one of these gentlemen. We will provide you with an umbrella on your way out." She gestures to the guards, bearing their own black umbrellas. The four strangers shoot Keith and Lance one last look, clearly curious, but Shay edges her way between them and Lance, still smiling.They make their way back out into the downpour, and Lance finally lets go of Keith with a sigh."Sorry," he mutters, but Keith shakes his head. When Lance glances at him, he's frowning a little. "Are you okay?""I just -- that girl with the pink hair, she's a regular. Her name is Andrea. She comes in every other day and gets a scone and a cappuccino.""So there's no way she won't know that it's you?" Lance asks. Shit. This is not how he wanted any of this to go. The rain is starting to seep through the leaves and branches now, dampening the two of them. Shay reaches out and hands him an umbrella, which he pops open."She'll probably figure it out before too long," Keith says. "Is that -- that's bad, right? Your people wanted to do some kind of special thing--""It's fine," Lance says, even though he doesn't know that. "This was my idea, it's not a big deal, who knows if those guys will even--""It is already showing up as a rumor on twitter," Shay says, looking at her phone. Lance makes a frustrated noise, while Keith looks resigned. "We should probably head inside before paparazzi come to try and get a glimpse."They gather everything up, their uneaten food and the soggy blanket and the wet pillows, and follow Shay and the rest of the guards back to the palace. Keith looks slightly overwhelmed with all of the extra attention, not speaking as the picnic items are taken out of their hands and to the laundry, silently observing. He lingers close to Lance but doesn't touch him. Lance wants to reach out and grab his hand, but he's not sure if Keith would appreciate that while they're so close to so many strangers.A call is put in to the royal publicist, and Keith and Lance eat a fresh lunch in the kitchen surrounded by sympathetic staff, who fuss over them and then quickly return to their chores, hurrying in and out of the room in droves. Keith keeps looking around at everything with the slightest furrow in his brow; the giant stove and the huge fireplace, the half dozen fridges and freezers all gleam brightly inside a kitchen easily three times the one at Keith's house.Lance's chest aches a little at the hesitant expression on his face, at how quickly everything has changed from good to awful. It's the first time Keith's been in Lance's home, and it's not going how he wanted it to at all."Hey," he says quietly, nudging Keith with his foot. Keith's eyes fall back on him and he stares, before raising an eyebrow and kicking back. It's ridiculous how much that one motion eases Lance's nerves. "Footsie? Really?" He nudges again, trying to trap Keith's foot. Keith swiftly dodges and swings at him again."You started it," Keith says calmly but with a glint in his eye. Lance makes a mental note that Keith's competitive nature is in full effect even when uncomfortable, and redoubles his efforts to grab Keith's foot with his own.They're interrupted from their tussle, during which Lance accidentally kicks himself and makes Keith almost cry with laughter, by Shay coming into the kitchen on her phone, nodding."Yes," she says, as the two of them quiet instantly and look at her. "Of course. Yes. Here he is."She holds the phone out to Lance, who takes it and puts it to his ear, trying to look confident. Keith is back to watching silently, feet tucked back under himself."Hello?" Lance says, gripping the phone tightly. "This is Lance.""Lance? Luxia." His shoulders relax slightly. Luxia is the PR adviser he's most used to dealing with, and she's had a soft spot for him ever since he spilled jam onto a visiting prime minister when he was ten and made one of the cutest gaffs in Altean history. Hopefully this won't be too bad. "I heard you had a spectacularly awful second date.""Could have been better," he says lightly. "How bad is it?""Not too bad," Luxia says, sighing. "It was only a few people, although one of them does have about ten thousand twitter followers. It's going to spread. That in conjunction with your sightings in the shop and rumors already swirling after the coup mean that people are going to find out who Keith is, which means the press is going to find out who he is."Lance looks up at Keith, who stares back at him. His gut is twisting anxiously, because he'd known this was going to happen, but he hadn't really thought about what it would look like. He kind of wishes he could fold Keith into his arms and shield him from everything and everyone right now, even Shay. Logically he knows that he made it clear upfront about what dating him would be like, about the difficulties his heritage would bring, but it was different to abstractly think about dealing with fans and press and paparazzi and actually having to hide from them constantly, always prepared for them to drop a scoop on some lurid detail in your past."What's our plan, then?" Lance says, resigned. "I'm assuming we can't just keep quiet.""I'm not recommending that," Luxia agrees. "Rumors are worse than whatever we can put out at this point. I don't want people selling stories about Keith tricking you into dating him, or needing money for college or the coffee shop, or something trashy like that. I've got a source at one of the local magazines who owes me a favor. We'll put a bit of quick polish on our press release and put it out early, and I think you two need to be seen in public for a dinner.""Dinner?" Lance echoes. "Wait -- are you sure?""Absolutely," Luxia says firmly. "The press will have to maintain distance because you'll be inside in a private business, Shay will be there, we can have plenty of guards watching you, and this way people will be able to see you're in a committed relationship that you don't mind being in the public eye.""Won't that be -- too much?" he asks."You can handle it, Mr. Diplomat," Luxia says teasingly. "I'm not asking for you guys to do anything weird. Just go out to dinner, let the paps snap a few pictures, and we'll handle the rest. Hopefully once the intrigue has passed you guys will be able to have a more normal courtship.""Luxia, courtship is really old fashioned," Lance tells her."So are picnics under a tree in a garden," Luxia responds blithely. "Anyways, I'll coordinate with Shay on when and where you guys will be seen. I've emailed some more forms to Keith about the press release, and I'll need his brother to look over them as well, even though Keith isn't technically a minor. You have my number for any other questions, dear. Talk to you soon.""Goodbye, Lux," Lance says, handing the phone back to Shay when she hangs up. "So," he says bracingly, "There's good news and bad news.""Is there?" Keith asks dubiously. "Because your face really only implies bad news.""The good news," Lance says determinedly, "Is that they'll be able to get ahead of the rumors and hopefully nothing weird will come out of those people seeing us.""The bad news?" Shay asks."We have to go to dinner," Lance says to Keith, who blinks."That's bad news?" he asks."It is when we'll be walking in front of the firing squad of paparazzi," Lance says. "Although Lux seems to think everything will be handled. But it will essentially be us on display as a couple, which will make the rounds with the press release for a week or so, and then hopefully we'll fade out of the news for a while.""That is not so bad," Shay says, trying to be cheerful. "We have done staged public outings before. Maybe not for a romantic partner, but still.""Right," Lance says, trying to sound cheerful. "How much different can it be from just going out for dinner with visiting dignitaries? I've done that dozens of times.""Okay," Keith says slowly, looking vaguely confused. "I mean -- I guess? I don't think that would be that bad.""Right," Lance says. "It'll be easy. Just a few pictures and we'll be fine."   Breaking news! Prince Lance McClain has a new beau!    Although there have been rumors in the past, our favorite prince has never been openly romantically attached to anyone before, but things have changed, according to a press release from the palace itself. New boyfriend Keith Kogane is an Altean local who's headed to college in the fall, and currently works at a local shop where they met at the beginning of summer, indicating to some a whirlwind romance! A charming anecdote from the prince himself was included in the release, detailing their first meeting:  
 "He actually didn't recognize me," the prince said, laughing. "He treated me like any other person, which was nice." 

 The palace representatives have indicated that they are not accepting questions about a private citizen at this time, and ask that the prince's and Mr. Kogane's personal privacy be respected. They were recently spotted together on a romantic picnic in the palace gardens, which may be what prompted this press release in the first place. In a direct message to the twitter user, MarciaP, who claims to have been one of the first people to stumble in on the lovebirds, told Altea Celebrity that, "They were very cute together, it looked like a really romantic date. There were even roses and stuff. We're sorry to have intruded on them though, and wish them the best." 

 Let's all wish the happy couple the best, and root for one of Altea's most cherished celebrities. 
  The restaurant is ridiculously fancy, with high ceilings and glittering chandeliers and multiple courses. It's the kind of restaurant Lance only remembers coming to when they were hosting people from out of the country, or when Alfor wanted to treat the family to a nice meal in the public eye. It's a staple restaurant for the palace, though, which means that the chef, manager, and owner are all well aware of what Luxia wants out of this dinner, and are more than willing to help accommodate her. Keith is quieter than usual when they pick him up, standing with Shiro on his front porch. Shiro says something quietly to Keith, who nods his head, and then rolls his eyes as Shiro carefully fixes his hair before nudging him off the porch and towards the car. Lance knows that Shiro can't see him through the tinted glass of the car, but he still feels the same queasy guilt churning in his gut when Shiro looks in his direction; part of him is waiting for Shiro to change his mind and say that Keith can't see Lance ever again, that this is too much, that Keith doesn't deserve to have to deal with everything that comes with Lance, all his baggage and drama. Part of him wouldn't blame Shiro for it.Keith is dressed in a suit that Luxia had sent to his house, a dark gray that brings out the bluish hue to his eyes. It's the first time Lance has seen him in something that isn't jeans and a t-shirt, and he's grateful that the dim interior of the car means Shay can't see his flushed face when Keith opens the door and raises an eyebrow. He wordlessly gets in the car next to Lance, nodding his head at Shay. Lance can't tear his eyes away from the long line of Keith's legs, or how the suit jacket hugs his shoulders, or how his tie is already a little crooked again. He really wants to reach out and fix it, and then use it to tug Keith in and kiss him. He really wants to tell Shay  screw this  and stay at Keith's house, or even go to the palace, so they can just be alone together for a while instead of paraded around to sell a story that shouldn't be anyone's business but their own.That's not possible, though, so he just sits silently and tries not to stare at Keith.Two of Lance's personal guards are taking them to the dinner in one of the palace vehicles, which has the potential to be an awkward and terrifying ride, but then Jeremy makes a comment about Keith's soccer team from high school, which prompts Mica to tell a joke about balls that makes Shay shoot her a quelling look. Lance was prepared to deal with a quiet and sober ride, but he wasn't prepared for Keith to light up and give one of his guards tips to take back to his daughter on how to properly score with a soccer ball. Overall it goes -- really well, and Keith seems much more relaxed by the time they pull up to the restaurant, even laughing a little at another joke.Expectedly, there's already a horde of paparazzi and journalists there, cameras raised and phones held out, looking eagerly towards the car. Lance's other guards have already left their vehicles and crowd around the car door, which opens and lets Shay out first. She hovers protectively in front of the door, looking down at Lance."Ready?" she asks, sounding slightly amused."As always," Lance says. He looks back at Keith, whose eyes are locked on the flashing bulbs and growing noise that the press are generating. There's a line of tension in his straight back, in the way his mouth is pursed. There's no hint of laughter in his face anymore.Lance reaches a hand out and touches Keith's. "If you don't want to do this," he says quietly, "I'll tell them to take us home. We don't have to. I promise, it's not going to hurt anything, and I'll take any heat. I don't want to do it if you don't."Keith looks at him for a long time; he almost looks like a stranger, with his uncertain eyes and neatly combed hair, in his tailored suit with subtle pinstripes. Lance waits patiently, until Keith takes a slow breath and turns his wrist so their fingers interlock."I'm ready," Keith says. Lance swallows and makes his way out of the car, holding onto Keith, who follows after him. There's a surge of noise as soon as he appears, and the cameras start flashing at twice the speed, but he doesn't make eye contact. Shay walks alongside him, and then there's a wall of guards on either side of them, ushering them towards the door."Your highness!" someone shouts, "Tell us more about your boyfriend!""Tell us more about how you met!""Care to comment on the date that was interrupted in the park?""Keith! Keith, look this way!" Keith's head automatically starts to turn, but Lance tugs a little on his hand."Don't acknowledge them," Lance says out of the corner of his mouth, bending close to Keith's ear. "It'll only encourage them. They just want to take some pictures and if they're lucky get a soundbite, but we're not giving anything today.""Fine with me," Keith says, tightening his hand around Lance's. "Ignoring people is my specialty."Lance laughs, a knot in his stomach loosening. "You'll be a natural."Inside, there's a host of people from the restaurant ready to guide them to their table, barely blinking at the coterie of people surrounding them, or the still blinding lights from the cameras outside. One of the staff firmly closes the door behind them, and then it's blessedly quiet. The restaurant staff are consummate professionals, used to people much more important than Lance dining with them, and it's a relief to have them unbothered by the crowd or the way Shay is keeping deliberately in front of them as they walk through the restaurant.There's only a few other patrons in the restaurant, people Lance knows by name because it's expected that he would, politicians and wealthy people enjoying a meal at the end of the day. They glance curiously in their direction but don't stare, gazes flicking back to their food or partners. They're too used to seeing other wealthy and powerful people to care about a prince who's not even in immediate line of succession."Your Highness," the maître d' says, gesturing to a table decked out with a small flickering candle and white linens. He pulls out Lance's seat first, then Keith's, gently pushing them up to the table. His face is implacably professional. "Seating for your staff will be provided nearby," he adds. "In the meantime, what can I start you with to drink?"They both order waters, and then they're left alone for the first time since they've been together this evening. Shay and the other guards are nearby at a table, getting seated within distance of Lance that still allows for some privacy.Keith is looking around the restaurant with ill-disguised discomfort, sitting stiffly in his suit with his hands folded on the table."I'm sorry," Lance blurts, drawing Keith's attention back to him. "For all of this. It's too much, the press and the restaurant and the guards, I'm such an idiot, we shouldn't have come--""Lance," Keith says, tilting his head. "Chill out."Lance blinks once, then twice. "What?""I mean, yeah, I'm kind of uncomfortable. I feel like if I touch the wrong thing I'm going to have to mortgage our house to pay for it, and there were -- there were a lot more people out there than I expected to care about this, but it's not too much." Keith leans back in his chair, smiling faintly. "I'm not gonna get scared off by something like this."Lance narrows his eyes at him. "You're not just saying this?""Lance," Keith says patiently, "Have I ever not spoken my mind to you?""True," Lance says reluctantly. "Sometimes I think you share too much.""You asked what I was doing," Keith says, looking amused. "I was just being honest.""You didn't have to snapchat me from the toilet, Keith," Lance says, and feels the band of tension holding him release. He leans back in his chair, mirroring Keith. "Okay. But if you need to leave just let me know, okay?""I'll keep you informed," Keith says. "In the meantime, this menu is in French. I don't know if you knew that.""I hadn't noticed," Lance says, although he's been here several times and was well aware. He shows off a bit, discussing the menu with the waiter at length in French; Keith does his best to not look impressed, but Lance sees him biting his lip to keep from smiling. Lance orders for the both of them with Keith's blessing, and the food is delicious when it arrives, perfectly tiny portions and extravagant dishware. Keith eats everything without bothering to ask what it is, and seems to enjoy most of it, although he does make a face at some of the richer food.By the time the check comes, they're both comfortable enough that they're laughing openly at a joke Lance made, ignoring the mildly annoyed stares the other guests give them. Shay has been a quiet but constant presence in the background, but now she rises and comes to the table, smiling at the two of them."The crowd has thinned a bit, but there are still a few people out there. Are you both ready?"Keith rolls his head a little, like he's psyching himself up for a fight. Lance looks at him questioningly, and he nods, brow furrowed. Lance looks to Shay and says, "We're ready."The flashes start up as soon as they step outside, as if they'd never really stopped. The shouting begins seconds after, and Lance gropes blindly for Keith's hand, finds it already waiting. Keith sticks close to his side but doesn't seem nearly as overwhelmed this time, keeping his head raised high and his gaze pinned to the car. Lance feels something feathery and soft beating in his chest, a sort of hope he hadn't realized he'd been afraid to feel.The inside of the car doesn't muffle the shouts nearly as well as the restaurant had, but it's better. Shay signals to Mica, who's driving, and they pull away smoothly, and then it's quiet again, nothing but the hum of the engine and the crunch of the road under the tires."Piece of cake," Keith says. He smiles out of the corner of his mouth at Lance."You're amazing," Lance says honestly. It makes Keith falter a little, and then turn red. "Really," Lance insists. "I'm not -- you're better than amazing.""I had dinner with you," Keith says, laughing but avoiding Lance's eyes. It's just like him to be embarrassed at honest praise but indifferent to all of the teasing Lance does. "It wasn't exactly groundbreaking stuff.""You can keep acting all blasé and relaxed, but you're talking to someone who's grown up going through that," Lance says. He takes their linked hands and raises them to his mouth, kissing Keith's knuckles softly. "Thank you."Keith blinks at him, still pink across the bridge of his nose. "Of course," he mutters, looking embarrassed."Luxia texted me," Shay says. "The initial pictures coming through on gossip sites look very good. Lots of good media exposure, and everyone is running the statement they put out. There are a few people who think it looks like a stunt to try and distract from the coup, but they are being ignored for the most part.""Success," Lance says, leaning his head back in the seat with a sigh of relief. "Now we just lay low for a bit until we're last week's story.""Back to skype and texts?" Keith says, sounding carefully neutral. When Lance looks at him, though, his mouth is somewhat sulky."Not for long," Lance says, rubbing his thumb over Keith's knuckles. "I'll ask Allura if we can meet up somewhere, or if you can come to the castle. She's been wanting to meet you properly anyways.""That's not terrifying," Keith says wryly. "But okay, we'll play it safe for now.""Somehow I think the both of you will survive," Shay tells them. "Here we are,"she adds, as they pull up to the curb outside of Keith's house. "You can take a minute to say goodnight, we can cover for you."The crickets are chirping in full force when they step outside of the car. Keith loosens his tie, sighing, as they walk towards the front porch. The light is on outside the door, and they can see a flickering light through the windows that means that Shiro is probably waiting up for Keith."I didn't know you could speak French," Keith says suddenly. "When did you learn that?""I can speak several languages," Lance says modestly. "I'm best at Spanish, obviously, because of my father, but all of my siblings learned French and Portuguese just because the tutor we had when we were growing up knew them. I taught myself German when I decided I wanted to go into diplomacy. I'm trying to learn Mandarin? But it's really difficult to teach yourself, it turns out. I just don't have room in my courses for a language right now, though, but I'm trying to get Allura to -- what?" he asks defensively, because Keith has started grinning."Nothing," Keith says. "I just -- I'm glad I went tonight."Lance's blood fizzles happily in his veins, like fireworks shooting off at midnight. He doesn't know what to do, except that he knows what he wants to do. He wants to kiss Keith for hours, wants to curl up around him and listen to him talk until they grow tired of it and kiss again, wants to press his fingertips to the pink of his cheeks. "I'm glad you did too," he says instead."Next time I get to pick what we do," Keith says jokingly. He reaches out and straightens Lance's tie; something about this amuses Lance, since Keith's tie is flopping unceremoniously around his neck by now."Fair enough," Lance says. "I suppose I have to say goodnight to you now." The lights in the living room have stopped flickering, which means Shiro has paused what he's watching to listen. He catches Keith's hands in his own and squeezes them tightly. "Goodnight.""You should say it to me in all the languages you know," Keith says. "For good measure." He tilts his head up expectantly.Lance licks his lips, keenly aware of the presence of all of the people around them -- but even more aware of the heat in Keith's eyes, in the smirk playing around the edges of his mouth. A challenge cannot go unanswered."Au revoir,  " he murmurs. "Adiós. Tchau, auf wiedersehen, zài jiàn. That's all I have for now but I'm going to learn a dozen more.""Why?" Keith asks. They're only a breath apart. Lance can smell mint and something spicy, can feel the heat coming off of Keith's skin."A longer goodbye," Lance says. "I'll tell you goodbye in every language in the world, until by the time I'm finished it's our next date.""That seems ambitious," Keith says. "But I like it. Do you need incentive?""Absolutely," Lance says, except he only gets half of the word out before Keith is kissing him. For all that he's kissed Keith a dozen times by now, it still overwhelms him, still cuts the breath short in his lungs, still leaves him hungry for the next one. Keith kisses like he's trying to press himself into Lance's skin, like every touch of his mouth against Lance's is a brand. They continue, clinging to each other, until a soft honking noise makes them jolt, pulling apart. Lance glances behind himself at the car to see Shay leaning between the seats with her palm on the steering wheel, the guard in the driver's seat facing forward with shaking shoulders. She taps her watch meaningfully, and Lance sighs."I'll call you," he says. Keith nods his head, rubbing absently at his lower lip with a thumb. It's red, darker than the blush on Keith's face. Lance has to physically step back to stop himself from kissing him again."Goodnight," he says again. Keith waves a little at him, and stands outside with his fingertips against his mouth as Lance crawls into the car, stands outside until the car is pulling away. Lance watches him until they turn the corner and then closes his eyes, exhaling.Up front, one of the guards whistles softly. Lance laughs, and it's easier than he ever imagined.   Altea Post Weekly @alteapost: Prince Lance enjoys night out with his new boyfriend at La Grenouille bit.ly/334832  
 sunshine bi @stabbybird: they look so sweet, i hope they had a good time! can't believe the prince took him there for their first date 

 Samantha Smith @sammysmith: his boyfriend looks totally overwhelmed lmao 

 lancepants @lancepants: awwww i can't believe it's really true!!! lance is off the market :( and with a guy :((((((( 

 sun and moon @moonclover: grow up please 
  "You know," Allura says, leaning back in her chair, "You can invite Keith to the palace. It's all out in the open now, it wouldn't be untoward." Lance looks up from the book he's been reading -- it's a fantasy book Keith had recommended, too engrossing to put down even though he has actual paperwork he needs to be reviewing. He's sprawled across the couch in Allura's personal office, feet tucked up next to him on the well-worn leather. Only a few people are allowed into this office, which makes it the perfect hiding place when you're trying to keep from being dragged into yet another meeting about public appearance and statistics of social media circulation."We're supposed to be staying out of headlines," Lance says absently. "I'm pretty sure there are reporters staking out the palace around the clock, trying to corner me or palace staff into an interview. The only reason that people aren't harassing Keith at work or home is because Pidge redacted his personal info from basically the entire internet.""Keith is a private citizen, and will continue to be treated as such, even by institutions as depraved as the press," Allura says, with just a hint of distaste in her tone. There had been plenty of articles about whether or not Allura was ready to lead done almost immediately after her father's death, and it had left her frosty towards the media, although she was only professionally polite in public. There had also been dozens of articles speculating about her role in the coup, as well as what it meant that something like that had been building in reaction to her imminent rule. She had held her head high through it all, and not all of the press had been negative, but it had left a bad taste in everyone's mouth in the palace.Allura weathered everything with the same unruffled grace that she's always held. Lance doesn't know how she's grown up the way she has, knowing that her destiny was a throne that would be as unforgiving as it would be heavy. Her entire life has been documented from the day she was born, her first steps all the way to current day decisions she's making, whether it's a hairstyle or which country she'll be working with on trade agreements.It's on a totally different level, even from what he goes through. Lance is a prince, but he's not a very important prince -- he has three older siblings ahead of him in succession, to say the least who comes before them, including his mother. Lance is a popular figure in the monarchy because he'd willingly stepped into the public eye, because he'd used his charm and his fame to draw attention to charities, to public servants who reached out to him, because he never shied from meeting with people who claimed to be his fans. His brothers and sisters were known, but they were well-removed from the public eye because it had never been their dreams to be in it. It had been all Lance had ever wanted -- to make a difference in the world, to use his voice for change. He wanted to travel, to see new places and meet new people, to learn all that he could.He'd grown up dealing with the press, but it had always been only his reputation and privacy on the line. The thought of Keith having to go through any more than he has to, of his home or his brother's shop being jeopardized because of who Lance was, makes his stomach curdle. He'd rather quarantine himself for a month than risk any of that."It's just a couple of weeks," Lance says firmly, readjusting his hold on the book. "We can get by for a couple of weeks with just phones.""You miss him, though," Allura says quietly. "You've been moping around the palace for days."He looks over at her, and she's smiling at him, chin propped in her hands. She looks fond, which is one of her two default expressions when it comes to Lance; the other is exasperation. He stares at her, and is suddenly overwhelmed with how lucky he is to be related to someone as kind and empathetic as Allura -- not everyone would let someone like Lance stay in their home after they'd pulled the incredibly stupid stunt of breaking into a government building, not to mention stirring gossip news sites up over a new relationship only a month after said government break in. Allura had always held the kind of balance that Lance coveted, empathetic to others but headstrong when needed. It was what made her a good cousin, and what made her an incredible queen."I'm not moping," Lance says defensively."Pining, then," Allura suggests."That also sounds bad," Lance mutters. Allura snorts out an inelegant laugh. "Fine, yes, I miss him," Lance says, setting his book down in his lap and sighing. "And I know how that sounds -- it feels so stupid because I didn't even know him at the beginning of summer, I shouldn't need to be around someone I've only known a couple of months all the time, but I just -- I miss him." His voice goes soft and he closes his eyes. "Every time I think about what I want most, he's there."There's a long pause, stretching out between them until Lance opens his eyes to look at her. She's staring at him thoughtfully, head tilted slightly, something calculating in her eyes."What?"he asks, blinking."Lance," she says slowly, "Are you in love with him?"Lance's heart constricts in his chest, an ache that chokes him momentarily and leaves him staring at her, open-mouthed. She continues to watch him with curious eyes while his mouth opens and closes uselessly."Love?" he finally says weakly. "Allura, it's way too soon for me to--""Is it?" Allura asks. "My father and mother fell in love at first sight, or so they used to tell me. I imagine it took just a bit longer. Father used to tell me stories about seeing his life play out in her eyes. He used to say that he would look at her, and see his future. That sounds an awful lot like what you just said."Lance doesn't know what to say to that. Love? Was he in love with Keith? Could you be in love with someone so quickly?  Everyone knew about the whirlwind romance of the previous king and queen, how they'd met at a ball and been married only two months later. There had been gossip and scandalized columns written for months afterwards, but they'd been together for thirty years before the queen had passed of illness, and had been obviously smitten with each other the entire time. Lance had found the story romantic growing up, but it had always seemed more like a fairy tale than something that happened in real life.He chews on his lower lip and then glances furtively at Allura. "How did they know?" he asks. "That it was real love?""Well," Allura says slowly, "Father told me that when he started thinking about what his plans were, they began to include her without him even thinking about it. He sent her letters every day, telling her what he was thinking of, and received twice as many in return. They fit together like pieces of a puzzle." Her eyes soften, that familiar look of exasperated fondness that he's so used to. "But I think, Lance, that really they just knew. They didn't have to think about it."Lance pictures Keith in his mind, thinks of his hesitant smile and his windswept hair and his dark eyes, and comes to a conclusion startlingly quickly. "Oh shit," he says breathlessly."That's adorable," Allura says, grinning. "Well, that was a refreshing break. Better get back to work." She starts tapping at her computer unconvincingly, while Lance buries his face in his hands and groans.  She laughs a little, and the typing stops. "Oh Lance, really. It's not that awful, is it?""It's not awful at all," Lance mumbles. He takes a deep breath and uncovers his face, tilting his head up to face the ceiling. "I mean, it's like -- you know what it feels like when you're riding a rollercoaster, and you crest a hill and at the top you're almost floating, like you're flying, but your stomach drops and you kind of feel sick with giddiness?" Allura makes an affirmative noise. "It's like that but all the time," Lance says, sighing."Sounds invigorating," Allura says dryly."Allura, we just started dating," Lance says. "We've only had one public appearance and he handled it really well but what if it gets worse? You know what it's like, and he hasn't grown up with it like we have. What if he decides he doesn't want to try anymore?""Lance," Allura says patiently. "Nothing has changed. You're in love, just like you were ten minutes ago. It's just that now you know it. Keith will make his own decisions, and you'll make yours, but you shouldn't try to make them for him. If he says that he's going to be with you, you should trust him enough to know his own mind. You do trust him, don't you?""Of course," Lance says immediately. He thinks he would trust Keith with his life, much less with his heart. His jittery stomach calms, the way it always does when Allura gives him advice. "This is just -- really new for me. I don't want to mess it up, not with him. But I think you're right, Allura.""Of course I am," Allura says, tossing her hair back. Lance laughs, a loud snort that has her breaking her faux-haughty expression to burst into giggles."Are all queens equipped with rallying speeches, or is that a special feature?" Lance asks seriously."Honestly, a lot of the inspiration is from movies, and the rest is from Coran," Allura admits. "He's always giving out sage advice that can be applied across a wide variety of issues. Sometimes I think he does it just because he's gotten used to saying wise things, even when no one needs advice.""Her Majesty Queen Allura of Altea, everyone," Lance says grandly. "Admitted pilferer of motivational speeches.""Go back to your book, Lance," Allura tells him. "And think about inviting your boyfriend over so I can meet the person who's captured my dearest cousin's heart."  
 Here's some news you can grab on the go: 

Movie star Alexandra Cova told Style Now in an interview that she absolutely hated the prosthetics she had to wear for her transformation in Alien Space. Alexandra played an alien with jarring, catlike features, and said she had to endure about five hours of makeup to get ready for shooting.

 Prince Lance seems to have gone back underground after a fancy meal out with his new boyfriend, Keith Kogane. There's been no new sightings of the prince since, and word from sources close to the palace is that he's focusing on getting ready for his big trip abroad next spring. The prince will attend university again for his sophomore year this fall. 

 In other news, famous musician -- 
   Two weeks go by slowly, and new gossip about other people emerges, and the requests for interviews trickle away, and Luxia finally gives Lance the go ahead to see Keith again. Keith is adamant that he wants to pick what they do when they meet up this time, but he won't tell Lance anything about what they're doing. "What should I wear?" Lance asks, examining his closet with his phone pressed to his shoulder. "Is there a dress code?""Wear your finest tuxedo," Keith says seriously."What, really?" he sputters, to which Keith replies, "No," so vehemently that Lance can't stop laughing for a solid minute."Just regular person clothes, Your Highness," Keith says, fondly mocking. "Actually, you should wear the outfit you did when you first came to the shop. Including the hat.""You wanna go out in public?" Lance asks. "Are you sure?""Listen," Keith says firmly, "I'm not going to spend my summer locked away just because people like to pry into your business and take pictures of you for money. I'm going out with you, not the free press. They don't get to dictate where we go.""Did you practice that? Be honest," Lance asks him, faintly amused."I tried it out on Shiro, to make sure you couldn't try to argue your way out of it with some kind of idea about protecting my honor or something," Keith says. "Because I knew you would. It didn't really work out the way I wanted, but Shiro did seem sort of pleased that I thought you would be worried about me.""Oh," Lance says, feeling pleased himself. "Well, that's good at least.""Just wait until I start pressuring him to let me go with you to another country," Keith says, laughing."You make it sound really scandalous, but a lot of people do exchange programs, Keith," Lance says primly. "Where are we supposed to be meeting?"Keith has them meet at his house, after Lance manages to wrangle his security detail down to just two guards and Shay. Keith murmurs an address into the driver's ear, and he nods and pulls out, leaving Lance to pout at Keith in the backseat. Keith refuses to tell Lance where they're going no matter how much he questions him, and finally Lance subsides and just looks out the window, trying to figure out by following the view.Keith's hand snakes its way into his own, distracting him completely. His palm is warm and smooth against Lance's. "You really did wear the same outfit from when we first met," Keith says, glancing over him. Lance blinks back at him, surprised. "Except the sunglasses, I guess.""You remember what I was wearing?" he asks."You kind of left an impression," Keith points out, amused. Lance preens, adjusting his hat a little. When he thinks to look out of the window again, he's surprised to see that they've left the city behind."Are we headed to the forest?" he asks, watching trees crop up."The national forest, yeah," Keith says, grinning. "I asked Shay if it would be okay, and she asked higher ups, and they agree that us going on a hike together in the woods would be okay."Lance kisses his cheek before he can stop himself. "You just wanted to do something outdoorsy, admit it.""I don't know what all of you have against the outdoors," Keith says, rolling his eyes. "But honestly, there shouldn't be very many people around. Practically no one comes out here, and we won't be stuck in my house, or your -- uh, palace. Plus, fresh air.""It's a good idea," Lance says. "Except for the part where we'll be hiking.""Are you afraid you won't be able to keep up?" Keith asks, raising an eyebrow.Lance snorts. "You wish, coffee boy."The national park is blessedly quiet, with only a few cars in the parking lot when they arrive. There are no other human beings other than them around the starting point, and for a moment, if Lance pretends very hard that his guards and Shay aren't on the other side of the car discussing logistics, it feels like he and Keith are alone. The sky above is a startlingly bright shade of blue, and there are gentle wisps of clouds in the sky.It's decided that Shay will walk in front of them, and the two guards will walk behind, giving them as much space as they can while still keeping them in their sights. It's enough distance that Lance doesn't feel strange at all walking alongside his boyfriend, holding his hand while they meander along the path."The summer's already mostly over," Keith says, sighing. The sound of birdsong and crickets calling covers up their low voices, so it's like they're in a pocket of space all their own."Worried about school?" Lance asks, squeezing Keith's hand."Not really," Keith says, although he doesn't sound completely honest. Lance gives him a look, and he gives Lance one back. "That's not it, really. Mostly it's just -- if this is how hard it is to spend time with you during the summer, when we have free time, what's it going to be like when we throw classes into the equation?""I'm not really usually mobbed by people, you know," Lance says, swinging Keith's hand back and forth as they climb over a rotted out log. "Usually when I'm in Altea, I only need to have Shay around. The biggest thing that happens is that someone snaps a picture of me walking to class, which isn't news, or someone wants to get an autograph.""So what, you dating someone  is  news?" Keith asks."Kinda?" Lance says. "I mean, it shouldn't be, but you are my first boyfriend. And really the first person I've dated in the public eye since I was fourteen." Lance reaches up and pushes a branch out of the way so it doesn't hit Keith, who is looking at him rather than paying attention to the path. "Keith, be careful.""I'm your first boyfriend?" Keith asks, blinking."Yeah," Lance says slowly. "I mean, I've liked other boys, but you're the first one I've ever dated, so--""Cool," Keith says, making Lance cut himself off. He snorts a little at his seemingly indifferent tone."You like the idea of being my first boyfriend, don't you?" Lance asks, smirking."No," Keith denies, but the tips of his ears are turning pink. "Anyways, do you really think that after a while, no one will follow us?""Well," Lance says uncertainly, "Probably not for a little while. I mean, as long as we lay low and aren't doing anything crazy, we shouldn't rate very interesting news. When my cousin Felix, he's a duke, when he started dating this really popular athlete, they got a lot of media attention for maybe about a year? And then they stopped being very interesting." Lance shrugs. "I imagine that will happen for us, too.""A year," Keith says thoughtfully. Lance feels his insides jolt, because a year -- it's a long time for people to be together, and he'd tossed it out like it was nothing. Maybe Keith wasn't really thinking about long term, maybe he was being too pushy. Lance knew how he felt about Keith, but he still hadn't really gauged what Keith was feeling."Yeah," he says awkwardly, "But that's just a guess. I really do think that things will die down, though. We'll be fine."They spend the rest of the morning traversing one of the longer trails, stopping once or twice to explore a clearing or to drink bottles of water Keith had packed. They only see one other hiker, and Shay doubles back to tell them and has them step off of the path to let her pass by -- she sees two young boys and a slightly older girl, digging absently through a backpack, and doesn't slow down as she jogs past.As the morning turns into afternoon, their energy begins to flag a little, and the end of the trail is nearing. Lance doesn't really want the date to end, but he can tell that they're all tired of being out in the heat. Shay seems unruffled, but the guards, dressed in outfits that cover their weapons, are clearly sweating, and Keith and Lance have both worked up a bit of sweat on their brows as well."I guess this is the end of the line," Lance says. Keith opens his mouth to respond, but Shay hurries their way back from where she went up ahead to the edge of the treeline, her brow furrowed. "Shay?""We have a problem," Shay says, gesturing for the guards to come closer. Lance feels his stomach clench, automatically stepping closer to Keith, but he's surprised to find Keith stepping in front of him, effectively blocking him off from view of whatever's waiting for them outside of the forest. "It is not the press," Shay tells them."Who is it?" one of the guards asks."Fans," Shay says, sighing. "I can see the signs from the edge of the path. It looks like someone has tipped someone off that we were heading here today and a few of your fans decided to show up." Her melodic voice is tinged with something like frustration."Who knew about this except you guys, though?" Lance asks, bewildered. "I didn't even know until this morning.""Shiro knows," Keith says quietly, "But there's no way he'd say something to anyone. And I guess Nyma knows, but she's the one who suggested I bring you out here. I don't think she'd say anything.""It does not matter at this point," Shay says firmly. "There are only twenty of them, all younger girls and boys. I saw no press cameras. Should we call for backup?"She's deferring to Lance on this, but Lance glances automatically at Keith. Keith blinks back at him, looking disheveled and sweaty but blank-faced."Are you okay?" he asks."Yeah, Lance," Keith says, brow furrowing. "It's just some kids, right? You were talking earlier about signing autographs and stuff.""No autographs," one of the guards, Lara, says. "Our goal will  be to get to the car as soon as we can.""Agreed," Shay says. "Very well. We will proceed with caution."After a brief pause to make sure everyone is presentable, which includes Keith giving Lance a disbelieving look when he pulls a comb out of his bag, they continue down the path in a much closer formation, Keith and Lance sandwiched between Shay and the guards. As soon as Shay steps into the bright sunlight, the smattering of excited voices grows into a loud cheer."Lance! It's Prince Lance!""Oh my god!""And Keith! Look at them!"The bombardment is much the same as the press had been, but Lance allows himself to look out and smile tentatively at them. There are people ranging from probably thirteen to eighteen present, all of them with phones held up and expressions of exultant joy on their faces. They've purposely kept Keith on the far side of the group, but he peers curiously around at the fans when they shout excitedly."Hello," Shay says pleasantly. "We're trying to get His Highness back home after a long morning of exercise. Thank you for keeping your distance.""We love you Lance!" a group of girls shout, barely heard over the general yelling of Lance's name over and over.Lance smiles briefly at them, waving a hand, deliberately putting his hand in front of his face to adjust his hat. There's going to be no doubt that it's him, but he can at least make the pictures as unusable as possible. The fans are young enough and few enough to not be too forceful, keeping their distance as Lance and Keith are ushered to the vehicle. There's a brief pause as one of the guards surreptitiously checks over the car to make sure it hasn't been tampered with, and then they're being angled into the backseat, to the obvious disappointment of the fans."Prince Lance, why are you with this guy?""Lance, date me instead!""Lance, don't go!"The car door shuts on the noise, very reminiscent of the last time they'd been in this position. Lance glances over at Keith, who glances back; their eyes hold for a long moment, and then Keith bursts into laughter. Lance stares at him, at his shaking shoulders and his flushed face."Um," Lance says, slightly confused. Keith bends over double, laughing possibly harder than Lance has ever seen him since they've known each other. If it were anyone but Keith, Lance would think he was hysterical. "Are you okay?""I'm fine," Keith says, gasping for air. "God, just -- it's never a dull moment with you, is it?""There are plenty of dull moments with me, thank you very -- wait, no," Lance says, "That's not -- Keith, stop laughing!"Keith collapses against his side, sweaty and still giggling slightly. Lance tentatively puts an arm around him, sighing. "Sorry about that," Lance murmurs, resting his head against Keith's tiredly. Shay finally climbs into the car, having spoken briefly with the fans, and gestures for the guards to pull out."You've got to stop apologizing for stuff that you can't control," Keith says, reaching out for his hand. "I don't blame you, Lance.""But--" Lance starts to say, but Keith pinches his hand sharply. "Ow!" he says petulantly."We just got done talking about how fans follow you around," Keith says, linking his fingers with Lance's. "Stop worrying about everything so much.""I don't worry about everything," Lance mutters, but he relaxes a little nonetheless. They sit in silence during the drive back to town, and it's only when Keith pulls out his phone to check his messages that he tenses again. "What?" Lance asks."It's Nyma," Keith says, opening his phone and skimming texts. "She called me like ten times, she's really upset, hang on." He leans forward, out of Lance's embrace, and dials a phone number. It only rings once before it's picked up, and Lance hears Nyma's voice faintly through the speaker. "Nyma, are you okay?" Keith asks."No," Nyma says, sounding distraught, "Fuck, Keith, it's my fault. I'm so sorry, Plax and I were talking at her house during this get together and I mentioned suggesting the forest as a place you should go on a date, I was talking about how happy you were to get out of the house, but some of her friends overheard me and I swear I didn't know she knew who you were, or that she was some kind of royal stalker, and I never mentioned Lance at all, I would never have told anyone--""Nyma," Keith interrupts, "Calm down. It's -- we're okay. Nyma?""Keith!" Lance hears -- it's a different voice, a girl's voice. "Keith, I'm so sorry, please don't blame Nyma, I should have never invited that slimy brat--""Plax, it's fine, seriously," Keith says. He cuts his eyes over to Lance's, eyes dark and apologetic. "We're already headed home, please try to calm down Nyma?""Okay," Plax says, sucking in a deep breath and then releasing it, audible even to Lance. "Okay, yeah, sorry. I'm glad you're okay. Please tell the prince I'm sorry?""I will. I'll check on Nyma later, okay?" Keith says. Plax says something back, too muffled for Lance to make out, and Keith replies, "Are you at -- okay, I will. I know. Bye.""Well," Lance says, trying to be lighthearted, "That's that mystery solved."Keith leans back into the circle of Lance's arm again, sighing and covering his face with his hands. "They're not gonna be in trouble, are they?""No," Lance says, looking at Shay over the top of Keith's head firmly. "They're not.""We were in a public venue, and we did not state that this was a confidential outing. There is nothing to get in trouble for," Shay says reassuringly. Keith releases a sigh."I've never heard Nyma sound like that," Keith says quietly. "I didn't even know she  could  sound like that.""She does seem to be fairly calm most of the time," Lance says. "Did you wanna check up on her?""She went to work at the shop," Keith says. "I'll check up on her after--""It's fine," Lance says, tightening his grip on Keith. "We'll park around back, and go in through the back entrance. No one even has to see us.""This feels like tempting fate," Keith mutters, but he sounds relieved. His shoulders rise and fall against Lance's arm as he lets out a heavy breath. "Yeah, I'd really like to see how she's doing."It takes a little bit of convincing, but they manage to get Shay and the guards to agree to drop them off behind the coffee shop, and Shay follows them as they sneak into the back entrance through the alley. Keith unlocks the door and immediately heads to Shiro's office, ducking his head in. Lance tentatively follows behind."Keith?" Shiro says, surprised. He's leaned forward in his chair, hands still splayed across his keyboard. His eyes trip immediately to Lance, who does his best not to visibly flinch, and he sighs. "Nyma's up front. She seemed pretty rattled earlier. Want me to get her back here?""Please," Keith says. Shiro pats his shoulder as he passes by, and dips his head in acknowledgement of Lance without actually addressing him. Lance has  no  idea what he's thinking, which is sort of scary, considering he can usually read people really well. Shiro mystifies and terrifies him.They only have to wait a moment before the door to the front opens, and Nyma walks through, her eyes dry but slightly red. Her hijab is a pale rose color today, and she's fussing with the ends of it stuck under her apron straps before she looks up and notices them."Keith," she says, shocked, and then her face shutters and she sighs. "I can't believe I ruined your date.""You didn't," Keith says, stepping forward and gingerly touching her shoulder. "We were already done with the hike. It was a good suggestion.""I shouldn't have been talking about it around other people -- or even with Plax, I guess," Nyma says, rubbing at her face with one hand. She looks a little ragged, which is something Lance isn't used to seeing when it comes to Nyma, who's always perfectly put together. "I'm sorry, to both of you.""I just wanted to make sure you were okay. I know you were on shift today, but you could have called out, you know that, right?" Keith asks quietly. "Shiro would understand if you couldn't."I'm fine," Nyma says dismissively. "I feel bad, but that doesn't mean I'm not going to do my job. Besides," she says, smiling slightly, "Plax is in the lobby cheering me up. She's already copped like two free drinks from Pidge.""Sounds like her," Keith says, smiling too. "You're sure you're okay?""Why are you reassuring  me?" Nyma asks, crossing her arms. A small smirk creeps over her face, more familiar than the weary expression she's worn so far. Keith tenses next to him. "You're the one who's been whining for two weeks about being away from Prince Pretty Eyes here, I messed everything up for you--""Nyma," Keith says, flushing red. She chuckles a little, reaching out and hugging Keith briefly. He doesn't really hug her back, but he does touch her shoulder again carefully as she pulls away."I'm okay, Keith. Thanks for looking out for me," she says, stepping back to the door. Her smile looks more genuine when she flashes it at them. "Hey, Prince Pretty Eyes," she says, looking over at Lance. "Give this guy a kiss for me, okay?""Can do," Lance says, saluting her cheekily. Keith rolls his eyes and turns around, heading for Shiro's office again. Lance watches him walk away, and then looks at Nyma again. "It really is okay, you know.""Thanks," Nyma says, adjusting her apron. "Watch out for him, okay?""Of course," Lance replies, and she vanishes to the front of the shop again, leaving him standing in the hallway. He tiptoes to Shiro's office door, where Keith is standing just inside."I'm going to head home," Keith is saying, arms crossed. "You guys okay here?""We're fine, Keith," Shiro says with a smile. He glances up at Lance as he appears in the doorway. "Your Highness." His tone is measured as he looks at Lance, who feels the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end."Sorry for dropping in like this Shi -- Mr. Sh -- oh fuck," Lance says, realizing he doesn't know Shiro's last name. He knows that Keith and Shiro have different last names, but he can't remember what Shiro's is. He colors when Keith laughs, and Shiro cracks a small smile."Shiro is fine," he says enigmatically. Lance makes a mental note to ask someone at the palace what Shiro's name is, because that's something he should know about his boyfriend's brother. "Take care getting Keith home.""I will," Lance says, higher pitched than he wants his voice to sound.In the car, Keith thanks the guards and then leans back in the seat, sighing. Lance tentatively puts a hand on his leg, patting him. "One day we'll have a normal date," Lance says. "Maybe we should go back to just me going to your house after all.""I like the excitement," Keith says, his mouth curled into a smirk. Lance laughs despite the lingering solemn mood, and Keith looks pleased."I should have known you liked to live on the edge," Lance says teasingly. "You've got a motorcycle, you're like every bad boy cliche in one person.""You've told me before you wanted to ride on my bike," Keith says, frowning. Lance hums noncommittally, although his blood pulses excitedly at the thought. He's not sure how many people he'll have to beg to get permission for something like that, but he's not above breaking rules to get to get to do it. He's drifted off into a daydream more often than he wants to admit, thinking about what it would be like to be pressed completely against Keith, to get to hold him as tightly as he wanted, to feel the purr of the engine and the wind on his face.He clears his throat. "Doesn't take away from my point.""I work in a coffee shop and read books all day," Keith argues."You have like five leather jackets!" Lance says. There's a soft jolt as the car stops in front of Keith's house. Keith opens the door before anyone can get out to open it for him, and Lance follows him out without bothering to ask if he can. He gives Shay a pleading look and she barely nods before he closes the door and follows Keith to the front porch. "Well.""Well," Keith repeats, putting his hands in his pockets. His hair is still mussed from their hike, and Lance's hand is reaching out to smooth it down before he's really aware of what he's doing. Keith blinks quietly up at him, eyes dark and faintly amused."We'll get it right eventually," Lance says, cupping Keith's cheek."All I want is to be with you," Keith replies, his hand covering Lance's. "The rest is just details."Lance's stomach swoops, or maybe it's his heart tumbling to lay at Keith's feet. He can't believe he ever doubted that he was in love with this boy. His heartbeat feels like it's pounding out of his body, like Keith should be able to hear it."Oh my god," he says faintly. "Keith, you--""Do I win the romance contest?" Keith asks, tilting his head with a wicked grin.Lance doesn't answer, but leans in and kisses Keith, and it's nothing like their last kiss on this porch. That kiss had been chaste and gentle, but this one lights a fire in Lance's chest and grows, has him pushing Keith back towards his front door and pressing him against it. Keith responds like electricity in his arms, flickering like a flame, overwhelmingly volatile in his grasp. Keith doesn't give into the kiss - Keith pushes back, twisting his fists in Lance's shirt, pulling him down to a better angle.When they pull apart, they're both short on breath, and Keith's cheeks are satisfyingly pink. Lance looks at him for a long time, at the freckle at the corner of his eye and the distracting way his chest is rising and falling. He has to convince himself to step back a little, to stop pinning Keith to the door."Cheater," Keith murmurs finally, slowly letting go of his shirt."Let's call it a tie," Lance says, laughing. There's a honking noise, but Lance doesn't bother to turn around. "I guess I have to go," he says, sighing."I'll call you," Keith says, smoothing the wrinkles in Lance's shirt absently."Not if I call you first," Lance says. He drops one last kiss on Keith's forehead, and then backs down the steps of the porch towards the car. He opens the door and looks back at Keith one last time."Bye, Lance," Keith calls, smiling."Bye, pretty eyes," Lance calls, and laughs as he closes the car door on Keith's scowl.  
 jellyfishing @plaxplease: don't spread pictures of famous people when they're trying to have private lives, it's gross 

 waterprince @princeofmyheart: lance shouldn't be dating someone like that kid anyways, how did he even meet him 

 casey @ cons @caseyfacey: you're probably just covering for your creepy friend. why did he take lance to the forest in the first place??? what kind of date is that??? 

 mr mcclain @dukeoftaujeer: wasn't he that weird kid in the back of biology who just read all the time? i thought he was on drugs or something 

 jellyfishing @plaxplease: kindly go fuck yourselves 

 nyama @nyama: plax just block them, they're useless. i'm gonna call you 
   Lance wakes up to his phone buzzing with text messages, which is unusual. It's far too early for Keith to be awake, and Hunk isn't the type to send more than one message in a row -- when he sleepily pulls his phone off of his bedside table, he sees that it's from an unknown number. Brow furrowed, he thumbs the messages open. Lance it's Nyma, the first one reads.  We've got a problem. His stomach starts to sink, and he drops his phone, pressing the heels of his palms to his eyes briefly, trying to wake himself up properly. When he picks up the phone, the messages remain starkly on the screen.
 Keith is having to get a new phone because someone passed around his number and he's been getting harassed by people.
Not the press just regular assholes.
Pidge gave me your number and told me to let you know because Keith isn't gonna tell you on his own.
They're busy making sure his new number doesn't get out.
He's fine but these people were being really nasty.

One of them brought up his parents.
His vision goes dark for a second, fury rushing through him like a flood, and when it eventually clears, he pulls up Pidge's number and texts them:  Give me his new number .He gets back, almost immediately, a phone number and a message:  He's protected now, don't worry. Lance takes a deep breath and presses the call button; it rings three times before the call is picked up, and there's a tentative, "Hello?" Keith sounds tired, weariness scraping his voice rough.Lance clenches his fist in his lap and says, "Morning, sunshine.""Lance," Keith says, surprised. There's a shuffling noise, and then he huffs out a breath. "I should have known one of them would say something. I was just gonna pretend I dropped my phone in the toilet or something.""You weren't gonna tell me?" Lance asks, standing up sharply. He feels restless all of a sudden, tension buzzing under his skin like pins and needles. He starts to pace around his room, wrapping an arm around his middle like he can hold in his budding worry."It's not a big deal," Keith says, sighing. "It wasn't even that many people. Just kids from school being assholes. I've seen youtube threads with worse messages." He laughs a little, but it's not a real laugh, and Lance feels something in himself rupture."Keith, it's not -- they were harassing you! They brought up -- I know you have to be upset, okay? Stop acting like it's fine."There's silence for a long moment, and Lance stops pacing, heart aching in his chest, shame and guilt and worry warring for dominance in his gut. Keith takes a slow breath, and then lets it out, and says, "Fine. You're right. I'm pissed off. My parents -- they shouldn't have dragged my parents into anything. Pidge had to talk me down for an hour to keep me from saying anything." He takes another shuddering breath, and says, "But I don't give a shit about those people. They're idiots who didn't know me in high school and they don't know me now. I don't care what they have to say."He sounds sure of himself, he sounds confident, but there's the smallest tremor in his voice, a tiredness that Lance can't ignore.He opens his mouth to respond, but catches sight of himself in the mirror hung on the back of his closet. He's caught off guard by how unfamiliar he looks, his flushed face and wide eyes, how frustrated and worried and miserable his expression is, and realizes that everything that’s happened this summer, all of the press and the fans and the lack of privacy, it’s not going away. It can’t go away, because Lance is a prince, and Keith is a boy who works in a coffee shop, and they’re from two different worlds.He abruptly comes to a decision. It's the only decision he can bring himself to make. It's what's best.He tells himself this, but his heart feels like lead in his chest."It's too much," he says, covering his face with his hand and turning away from the mirror. "This is all just -- I should have known better. Maybe with someone I cared less about -- but not with you, I can't keep doing this to you.""Lance, what are you talking about?" Keith asks, sounding confused."We shouldn't be together. I'm not going to keep putting you through this stupid shit," Lance says. His voice is remarkably calm, considering how wildly his pulse is racing. "It was dumb of me to pretend it was okay for you to keep getting treated like this.""Lance," Keith says, beginning to sound agitated, "It's not your choice to decide what I can handle.""You won't tell me what you can't handle," Lance retorts sharply. "You weren't even going to tell me you were  harassed  into changing your phone number by people who claim to be my fans." Keith's silence is telling, and there's a crackle of static as he shifts the phone. "I can't control you Keith, but I can control myself, and I'm choosing to put you ahead of what I want.""Lance, come on," Keith says, now clearly frustrated. "We've been having this same conversation all summer, I'm fine, I just want--""I'm not fine," Lance says. His own voice sounds distant to his ears, like he's hearing himself from far away. "I love you but I'm not going to keep doing this to you. It's just -- it's too much."He hangs up the phone before Keith can respond, shutting it off and gripping it tightly before he throws it onto his bed, where it bounces harmlessly. He sucks in one deep breath, and then another, and tells himself that he did the right thing.An hour later, there are taps on his door and Shay opens it tentatively, peering inside. She doesn't look surprised to see him looking miserable, nor does she say anything about the fact that it's nearly nine in the morning and he's not dressed. Someone must have messaged her. Lance tries very hard not to think of Keith, without luck; the thought of him sends a wave of guilt and anxiety through him that leaves him nauseous."You are meant to have a meeting with the coordinator for the hospital drive in an hour, but I do not believe that would be wise to attend currently," she says softly.Lance sniffs, sitting curled up on the floor next to his bed. His eyes feel hot with unshed tears, but he refuses to let himself cry over something that he'd chosen to do. He looks up at Shay and shakes his head silently."I will inform her," Shay says. She hesitates in the doorway, and steps inside the room halfway. "Do you wish -- should I ask Hunk to come?""No," Lance says softly. "I just need one day, Shay.""Very well," she says quietly. She takes care to close the door behind her gently.   (5:45) What do you want us to do?
(5:45) Shay and I are here to help. 
 (5:46) I need someone to get me into the palace. 

 (5:46) Shay can handle that. What are you gonna do? He's gonna be gone all day tomorrow to make up for missed meetings. 
 (5:47) I'll talk to him when I can.
(5:47) But can Shay get me a meeting with the queen? 
 (5:47) Keith, what are you doing??? 

 (5:47) Can she?

 (5:48) Yeah, she can swing it. Allura's been wanting to meet with you anyways. 

 (5:48) Good. Text me the details? 

 (5:48) Will do. 

 (5:51) Hey, Hunk? 
 (5:51) Yeah?
(5:55) Keith? You there? 
 (5:56) How is he? 

 (5:56) Not good.
(5:56) He's trying to convince himself he's doing the right thing.

(5:58) Keith?
   Lance is tired when he enters the palace again -- but then, Lance has been tired all day, a nagging weariness that won't dissipate no matter how much coffee he drinks. Shay had been a warm but silent presence at his side, steering him from meeting to fitting to paperwork signing.No one had commented openly on his demeanor, but he'd caught several people exchanging glances at his terse responses. He'd been completely silent during his fitting for an upcoming banquet, unable to bring himself to be as enthusiastic as he usually was with his tailor, and she'd sounded confused and a little hurt at his non-reaction. Even now, though, he can't bring himself to really care.He does his best not to think of Keith, but it's impossible. He spends the whole day going over everything that's happened, second guessing himself and everything he'd said. He thinks about the weariness in Keith's voice, about the fact that it had taken only two short months for Keith's life to upend, and it was all because of Lance. He should have known from the start, when he'd gotten Keith into trouble that had almost killed him. He should have never even started a relationship. All he'd done was make things worse. Before Lance had only had a crush, but now -- knowing he can't be with Keith leaves him feeling like an open wound by the end of the day, jagged and sore. There's a lingering ache in his chest that won't go away.A soft, "Your Highness," jolts him out of his distracted thoughts."Her Majesty requests your presence at dinner," one of the staff tells him. He suppresses a wince, but only just. He briefly entertains the thought of telling the woman to send a message back to Allura that he can't go, that he's too tired and heartbroken and empty to even pretend to act normal, but he can't ignore a summons from the queen. Allura would know something was wrong."I'll be there after I freshen up a bit," he tells her, smiling weakly. She dips her head in a slight bow and hurries away, leaving him to continue his trudge to his room.He spends the brief respite in his room forcing himself to pull it together. He practices smiling in the mirror, and combs his hair neatly, and puts on his best diplomatic face. He'll sit down with Allura for dinner, act normal for an hour or so, and then excuse himself due to feeling poorly due to bad food from earlier in the day.When he enters the dining room, Allura is already seated at the head of the table, smiling. Lance moves towards the chair to her right, his usual seat when they eat together, but stops short when he realizes someone is already sitting there. There's a dark head of hair visible over the top of the chair, painfully familiar."Lance," Allura says, still smiling. He bows automatically to her, but his mind is whirling. Keith twists in his chair to look at Lance, but doesn't say anything. He's wearing another suit, with red accents this time, and it makes him look so lovely that Lance steps closer despite himself. "I've been having a wonderful conversation with Mr. Kogane here. We spent the afternoon in mother's garden.""I'm glad you had a good day," Lance says stiffly. Keith's eyes are darkly intent on him, and he's finding it hard not to stare back."Please sit down," Allura says, indicating her left. "I've had the cooks prepare pasta carbonara the way you like. That's his favorite meal," she whispers to Keith as an aside."I've never had it," Keith admits. He sounds calm, vaguely curious, not at all like Lance feels -- his stomach is twisting itself into knots, his pulse tripping uneasily.Lance sits next to Allura, across from Keith, and stares at the table. Allura claps her hands together cheerfully."Well then, let's begin." At her words, the door leading to the corridor opens and a trolley rolls in with three bowls of pasta emerge, placed carefully in front of each of them in turn. It smells delicious, and it is his favorite thing to eat at the palace, so Lance's stomach stops rolling to growl appreciatively. Allura laughs, and Keith's mouth curves at the corners. "I knew you would--""Your Majesty." They twist to look over at the doorway, where Coran is suddenly standing, his brow furrowed."Yes, Coran?" Allura asks."There is an urgent matter needing your approval, my queen," Coran says. His face remains serious, but Lance can detect humor in his eyes; his stomach starts to sink, and he's aware of what's going on even before he looks back at Allura. She barely looks surprised, but then, she's always had a terrible poker face."I'll come at once," she says, standing up. Lance stands as well, and Keith belatedly follows suit, but she waves at them to stop, and they regain their seats uncertainly. "Sit down, sit down, no need for that. Please go ahead and eat, I'll be back shortly. Well, not too soon. An appropriate amount of time for signing--""Your Majesty," Coran says pointedly."Yes, of course," Allura says hastily. "Enjoy yourselves."She leaves the room with little fanfare, closing the door firmly behind her. Then they're alone in the room, complete silence engulfing them. Lance takes a deep breath, and then looks up at Keith. Keith is looking back at him with the same shrewd eyes he's always had. He's leaned forward in his chair, arms on the table, with complete disregard for dining etiquette; his tie is crooked, as it inevitably seems to become, and his hair is still windswept from being in the garden. He doesn't fit in this opulent dining room, fit for kings and queens, at all.Lance is so, so in love with him."What are you doing here?" he asks quietly.Keith picks up the wrong fork and starts spinning pasta around the tines, glancing up at him nonchalantly. "Having dinner with the queen.""Keith," Lance says."Lance," Keith replies in the same tone."This isn't a joke," Lance says bitterly. He abandons decorum and throws himself back in his chair, slumping down with his arms crossed. "I made a decision and I'm sticking to it.""To protect me from yourself," Keith says sardonically. He takes a bite of pasta and swallows, and then blinks in surprise at the bowl. His dark eyes light up with genuine pleasure. "That's really good.""We use really fresh eggs," Lance says absently, and then scowls at himself when Keith makes an appreciative noise. "Forget the pasta. Keith, I'm not changing my mind.""Well I can change mine," Keith says. It's so different from what he was expecting him to say that Lance draws up short."What?" he asks, confused."You were right," Keith says, idly twirling his fork through the pasta again. Lance's brow furrows, but Keith isn't done talking. "I wasn't telling you the truth about how I felt. I thought that -- I just wanted to make sure you knew that I wasn't blaming you. You told me from the start what it would be like, and I agreed, so I didn't want to complain. So here it is: I don't like all of the pictures. I don't like the fact that people think I'm not good enough for you. And I  really  don't like waking up at one in the morning to a bunch of text messages telling me that my dead parents would have been ashamed to see me selling myself for attention from a prince.""Keith--" Lance chokes out, misery like a knife in his gut."I was telling myself that I was being silly. That being upset or annoyed was useless." Keith pauses to take another bite. "But I was wrong. That was stupid. You've been worried about me all summer and I've been handwaving everything."Lance closes his eyes and takes a slow, shuddering breath. "I know. That's why I did what I did.""It's probably for the best," Keith says quietly. The words seem to echo in the empty room, magnified by the silence around them. "To stay apart. It's not fair to you, to have to worry about me all the time, to have to deal with fallout from our relationship.""Right," Lance murmurs. His heart is a chasm, splintering along fault lines. The knife in his gut twists deeper. Hearing the words from Keith's mouth is a thousand times worse than saying them himself. Before, he'd felt like he might be able to go on pretending things were okay -- now he just wants to crawl to his room, curl up on his bed, and refuse to move for the rest of the year."Except I'm in love with you."Lance's eyes open. Keith is staring at him, a stubborn look on his face despite his scarlet cheeks and the way his hands are clenched on the table. Lance opens his mouth, but words won't come. He thinks his ears are ringing."I thought maybe I would feel relieved," Keith continues. "When you told me we shouldn't be together. I thought that I would be upset but that my life would go back to normal and I would be okay." His mouth crooks wryly. "It only took an hour before I realized that I would never be relieved, because I was in love with you.""Keith--" Lance says weakly, heart pounding so hard he can feel it in his fingertips. "You don't--""I would rather go through another ten years of this summer than let you go," Keith says quietly. He stands up from the table, chair scraping loudly. "You said you loved me, the other day. Did you mean that?"Lance colors violently. He hadn't realized he'd said that until after the fact, but he can't lie to Keith. "Of course I did."Keith swallows, his throat clicking audibly. His flush remains, pink blooming across his face like flower petals. "Okay. Then I think we should try again.""Nothing's changed, Keith," Lance says desperately. "I just -- I just want you to be happy.""I already told you that  you  make me happy," Keith snaps. "What do I have to do, Lance? I'm here, at your palace, in a suit -- I spent the day with the queen of Altea, asking her how to prove to you that I was serious! Do you know what she said?""Something stolen from Coran, probably," Lance mutters."She said you trusted me," Keith says simply. Lance stares at him, wide-eyed. "So I need you to trust me now. I want to do this. I know what I'm getting into, I know it's going to be hard, but I don't care."Something terrible and bright is taking hold in Lance's chest, fluttering at the edges of his rib cage, pressing against his skin. Keith's eyes are almost glowing as he glares down at Lance; he looks more like he wants to fight than make up, and yet the sight of him makes all of Lance feel horribly and wonderfully happy.  Because he doesn't want to do the right thing. He doesn't want to do what's best for both of them. He wants Keith.He pushes his chair back carefully, almost silent in comparison to Keith's earlier shove. He walks to the side of the table, crossing behind Allura's chair until he's face to face with Keith, who tilts his head up to keep his eyes locked on Lance's. He makes himself stop when he's a foot or so away, hands held firmly at his sides."You have to promise," Lance says, "To tell me when you're not okay." Keith's expression clears into something tentatively pleased, and Lance hastens to add, "I mean it, Keith, I can't--"He doesn't get to finish his sentence because Keith pushes himself onto his tiptoes and kisses him, pressing hard against him. He steals the breath from Lance's lungs, until he's lightheaded and dizzy, spellbound by the feeling of Keith in his arms, that same flickering flame as before. Keith tastes like expensive food, and Allura's favorite brand of tea, and he tastes of coffee creamer and book pages and sleepless nights. He's the sunshine in the morning and every moon Lance has watched while talking to him. Holding him now, tasting him now, Lance has no idea how he ever managed to give him up."Well then!"They break apart, both of them pink-faced, to see Allura beaming at them in the doorway, hands clasped together. "It seems you've had a very fruitful conversation in my absence. Oh, the food has gone cold, hasn't it? I'll have it warmed back up, and we can continue our meal." Keith hastily lets go of Lance's suit jacket, where the fabric is very obviously wrinkled, looking faintly embarrassed."Your Majesty," he says. "Thank you.""Of course, Mr. Kogane. I'd been telling Lance to bring you to the palace properly for a while now." Allura sits down, and they follow suit after a brief interlude to fix their hair and clothing. Nothing can be done for how flushed Keith's cheeks are, or how red his mouth still is, but Allura is valiantly ignoring it."Please call me Keith, Your Majesty," Keith says. Allura smiles and looks sideways at Lance."I suppose I should," she says. "Now, Lance, tell me about your plans next spring. Keith was telling me about possibly joining you there. I think that sounds lovely.""It does," Lance says, looking at Keith, who grins back at him. Underneath the table, a foot taps against his ankle. His heart overflowing with happiness, Lance nudges back against Keith, and suddenly feels for the first time that things really will be okay.   We're so pleased to be sitting down with you two, thank you for taking the time to speak with us. Your Highness, Keith, how are things?  
They're good. Honestly I'm glad to be sitting still now. 

 What do you mean? 

 Here we go. 

 He's constantly dragging us around Paris, looking at things! He plans all of our outings. For someone who never traveled before he knows how to pack a thousand things into one day. 

 It's really beautiful there. I'm happy to be back in Altea for the holiday though. 

You see, he doesn't deny it! 

 If Lance had his way, we would spend all of our time eating petit fours at home and watching very bad soap operas. 

 You two sound like an old married couple, haha! Speaking of, it is coming up on your first anniversary, isn't it? 

 We're about a month out, yeah. 

 Any big plans? How are you feeling about it? 

 We're going to relive our first summer together. Do everything the way we wanted to over again. It was Lance's idea. 

 That sounds awfully romantic. 

 Don't say that, he'll get an even bigger head than he already has. 

 I told you a long time ago that I'm excellent at romance, sweetheart. Don't act surprised. 

 I'm never surprised with you anymore. 

 Then I'll just have to keep trying, won't I? 
  "A year," Keith says, sprawled on the blanket underneath the humongous tree in the palace gardens. The whole garden is empty, ostensibly for repairs to a fountain, but Lance had begged the groundskeepers for the morning to themselves. Shay isn't even very close by; she's with Hunk out back of the palace, playing cards with Pidge. He and Keith have had time to themselves over the past year, have worked hard to make that time for themselves, but every time it happens it's still nice to know that they're really alone. The blanket is the same as before, but today they have grilled cheese sandwiches, with a blackened one because Lance had gotten distracted kissing Keith while it was cooking. It was too funny a coincidence to throw it out, so they'd packed it."A year," Lance agrees, leaning back against the tree trunk. He takes Keith's hand in his own, tracing the lines in his palm gently. "Last year, I thought that a year was a very long time, but it hasn't been long enough.""You're ridiculous," Keith says, flushing red."It's been a year and you're  still  not used to me saying stuff like that, huh?" Lance teases."I don't think I ever will be," Keith says. He rests his head against Lance's shoulder, tucking his body securely up along his."Sounds good to me," Lance says, laughing. He takes Keith's hand and presses a firm kiss to the palm, then curls Keith's fingers around it. Keith stiffens against against him, sitting up straighter. He raises his hand to eye level and opens it.Sitting in his palm is a plain silvery ring. Keith stares at it."It's just a promise," Lance says quickly, suddenly not at all certain about it, or about Keith's reaction. "It's not -- I'm not -- I wanted to give you a gift, I thought all kinds of things, but all I kept coming back to was what I wanted to -- so I just -- sorry, this was stupid, it's too--""Do you think I could get a word in, Your Highness?" Keith asks. His voice is so warm that Lance feels his own body relax again automatically. "A promise?""Sort of like a placeholder until I decide to do it for real," Lance says. Keith carefully puts the ring on his right ring finger, where it fits perfectly, because Lance had spent a very anxious morning while Keith was snoring in bed measuring his finger over and over until he was certain of the size."When will that be?" Keith asks, tilting his head up to look at Lance. His hand curls into a fist and he absently touches the ring with his other."Haven't decided yet," Lance says innocently. "Maybe it'll be next year.""Maybe I'll do it first," Keith says challengingly. His crossed feet swing over to nudge at Lance's in a familiar motion. Lance laughs, and it feels like it's bubbling out of his throat."Always a competition with you," he murmurs, nudging back. Keith snorts."Look who's talking," he replies pointedly. A pleasant silence falls over them, broken only by the breeze blowing through the leaves, the sound of cars far off in the distance."Thank you," Keith says after a moment, lifting his hand to look at the ring again. "A year," he says, and Lance doesn't know if he's referring to the year to come or the last year.Certainly it hadn't been easy all the time, and there had been more arguments and tears and annoyances. They were still followed by paparazzi and fans in equal measure, and Shiro still hadn't really warmed up to Lance, and school was always an unwelcome hassle, especially in another country.But there had been many, many good moments -- waking up with Keith in Paris, the sunrise caught on strands of his hair while they stared at the burnt orange of the sky; sneaking away in the middle of the afternoon at school to buy ice cream from a street vendor, swapping flavors and kissing sticky strawberry off of Keith's nose; talking with him on the phone at night, listening to his voice slowly get softer and softer as he fell asleep, the absent way he murmured  I love you  into the receiver. They've had a hundred more dates, and a thousand more kisses, and Lance is more in love than he could have ever imagined. He hadn't even known bodies could hold this much feeling. Sometimes he was sure that he was overflowing in a way that would drive Keith away, but they'd never come close to giving up again.Perhaps it wasn't a whirlwind romance like the king and queen before, but Lance was deliriously happy anyways."What are you thinking about?" Keith asks quietly, glancing up at him. The shadows of the tree are dappled across his cheek like freckles, and Lance is momentarily distracted."Fairy tales," he says after a moment, and grins when Keith's brow furrows confusedly, and kisses the question off of his lips, distracting them both for a long, long time. “Look,” Lance says, sprawling out languidly over the library’s couch.  “I think you’re making this harder than it should be.”“You do?” Shiro asks, and then immediately winces because responding so quickly didn’t come off as desperate, not at all.“I think you’re insane if you believe  Lance  has valuable relationship advice,” Keith mutters from beside him, nose buried in their course textbook.Sometimes Shiro considers how much simpler his life would be if he had chosen a different career path, like accounting. Or maybe some sort of sports coaching. Or anything  but  aerospace engineering, really.Instead, he’s an indentured servant of Altea University as he works toward his doctorate, and picking up a job as a TA had seemed a worthwhile option when considering his crippling amount of student debt.Although someone  really  should have told him that TA work was basically babysitting.Lance sputters indignantly at Keith’s insult. “I’ll have you know that I am  incredibly  popular with the ladies, mullethead. I have a date with Nyma tomorrow night!”Keith’s response sounds bored, although it is rather swift. “Hunk’s right. She’s just using you for your money.”“I’m a college student, I don’t even  have  money! Also, you’re wrong. She’s definitely into me!”“Okay, clearly I’ve let this conversation get too off-topic,” Shiro says diplomatically, mostly because Lance has now thrown his arms in the air as if to challenge Keith to…  something.  “How are you guys handling this unit? The assignment is pretty easy if you can differentiate between stability and control derivatives.”Keith turns his full attention to the conversation. “The differences are measured by flight condition parameters versus deflection in control surfaces, right?”“Yeah,” Shiro encourages with a smile. He seems to have the concepts down, which is fantastic, although it doesn’t explain why he’s come to office hours. “The states for stability are things like angle of attack, airspeed, and altitude. Control derivatives are more about force changes due to something like the edge of an aircraft wing or a rudder.”“I wonder if Dr. Haggar would be upset to know that you spend time on the clock talking about guys you have a crush on,” Lance muses while Keith shuffles through some of his notes.Shiro shoots him a look. “You’re  the ones who showed up for office hours without any actual questions about this week’s lecture. Time’s almost up, anyway, so…”“Wait,” Lance says, scrambling on the couch until he’s sitting up. “I do have questions about the derivatives, but I’m  dying  to hear more about this barista that swept you off your feet!”“You already know everything,” Shiro sighs, moving to pack up his laptop and textbook. “He works at Castle of Lions and we’ve talked a grand total of three times.”“And  you think he’s hot as hell.”He almost falls for the bait, almost says,  I did  not  say that -  even if it  is  true -  but... it’s Lance. And engaging Lance like that is always a Bad Idea. “This is me, leaving now. See you at Monday’s lecture!”Keith raises his eyebrows at Shiro’s hasty retreat, but whatever. He’s not about to let two of his undergrad students bully him into talking about this any longer, and it really  is time for his office hours to conclude.  The cafe is strategically located across the street from the university, and it really  does  serve the best coffee in town. Shiro figures he’ll grab a quick cup of coffee before heading home, justifying the trip because he  deserves  a treat after suffering through Lance’s endless prodding.If the cute barista - whose name Shiro has yet to find out, because every time he sees the brunet employee he fails to notice anything but his features and the way his voice sounds - happens to be working, then  hell,  he definitely deserves that, too.The antics of Lance and Keith aren’t truly that awful, but they do remind him of back when he’d been gunning for his Bachelor’s. They just seem so bright-eyed and excited about engineering and college and everything that comes with figuring out a place in the world, and sometimes it makes him feel old. He’s older and more disillusioned now that he’s spent such a significant portion of his life in school, but hanging out with them and feigning constant exasperation makes him feel a bit younger, at least.He  is  going to stop taking the high ground in regards to Lance’s teasing, though. The student really has no idea how obviously he fawns over Keith most of the time, and if he keeps bringing up Incredibly-Attractive-Barista-Who-Totally-Has-A-Name-That-Shiro-Needs-To-Figure-Out, then maybe Shiro will bring up  Keith  more often in conversation.It’s always incredibly satisfying to see Lance so flustered, after all.There’s only one employee manning the counter when Shiro walks in, and Lance’s teasing is fresh enough in his mind that he can’t help the flush that rises in his cheeks as he instantly recognizes who is currently working.“Welcome to Castle of Lions! Be with you in a sec,” the barista says as he finishes preparing some kind of iced drink for another customer, which means that he’s been noticed and it’s too late to turn around and leave.Shiro wishes he didn’t feel supremely awkward standing there and watching him, but it’s not like he has any other choice. Even his back is attractive, which is just ridiculous, although it doesn’t hold a candle to the handsome curve of his nose and the positively gorgeous color of his tawny eyes, and oh,  hell, the employee is looking oddly at him as he blatantly stares.“Sorry,” Shiro mutters quickly. “Ah, I’ll have a medium iced coffee with a shot of espresso.”“Coming right up,” the barista grins at him, grabbing a cup. “Name?”“Shiro,” he says, and if he’s looking a bit too closely at the employee’s hands as he scrawls his own name over the plastic of the cup, then at least nobody else seems to notice.They’ve only ever interacted like this - Shiro ordering a drink while the barista acts pleasant, because that’s in his job description,  idiot  - but today feels extra special, because their fingers brush against each other as Shiro takes his drink, and he looks up just long enough to read the  Matt  printed neatly across his name badge.And, yeah, Shiro absolutely deserved this.  Shiro (5:56 PM) His name is MattLance (5:58 PM) And it only took you two weeks to figure it out! Where will you guys be in a year? Asking each other how your days went?Shiro (6:01 PM) It’ll still be further than wherever you and Keith are.Lance (6:02 PM) You motherfucker I can’t believe you went there  Dr. Haggar probably  would  dislike it if she heard that Shiro spends a fair amount of leisure time with Lance outside of class, but really, they’re all in college and  responsible(ish) adults, and she can’t monitor every facet of his life, even if she is his doctoral advisor.Besides, he hasn’t had much normal human interaction, what with planning his dissertation and working as a TA, and Lance is like a very,  very  persistent leech when he makes friends. Keith, surprisingly, is similar, in that he somehow acquired Shiro’s phone number one day (maybe from Lance?) and texted him,  We’re friends now. In any route, Lance has spent the past week pestering him into pointing Matt out, and somehow Shiro ends up on the sidewalk just outside Castle of Lions with one pushy aerospace engineering student.“Wait,” Lance says, tugging on his arm just before they enter. Through the glass of the shop’s entrance, they can see Matt behind the counter, ringing up a customer. “That’s  the guy?”Shiro has no reason to be defensive over a guy he’s talked to only a handful of times, but still his lips tug into a frown at Lance’s words. “Yeah, is there a problem?”“No problemo,” he responds, but he’s laughing,  and oh, no, that doesn’t bode well for Shiro. “I just had no idea  your  Matt was  Pidge’s  Matt.”Wait, what? “Who’s Pidge?” Matt is taken? This is a disconcerting bit of news. Shiro tries not to think too hard about how pleasant  your Matt  had sounded.“Hunk’s roommate, she’s this crazy smart Comp-Sci major. Anyway,  not  the point. Matt’s her brother.”He tries not to outwardly display too much relief at the confirmation that Matt is not dating this Pidge person, but Lance seems to catch on anyway.“Are you going to stare all day?” he teases, moving to open the door. “I need some caffeine.”They get in line, and Shiro somehow manages to tolerate the not-so-subtle winks and bad innuendos that Lance keeps tossing at him the closer they get to the counter.“Hey, thanks for coming to Castle of Lions! You had a medium iced coffee with an extra shot of espresso last time, right?”Shiro freezes. Did Matt just… remember his order? That means he recognizes him, which means maybe there  is  a chance that Matt’s interested in him?He’s never been more thankful for Lance’s charisma, because the student swoops in and says, “Sorry about him, he’s had a rough day and I think you broke him at the mere  mention  of coffee. That sounds great, can we get two?”“Of course,” Matt says, recovering quickly from the shock of seeing a customer do their best impersonation of a marble statue. “That’ll be $8.19.”Lance rams his elbow into Shiro’s side harshly - “Accident,” he says with an all-knowing grin - as he reaches for his wallet and offers the barista a bill.As they move to sit down at an empty table, Lance chuckles, “Dude, you have it  bad. ”Shiro  thunks  his head on the table. “I know.”  Things go like that for awhile. Shiro never manages to say anything other than his order to Matt when he goes to Castle of Lions, and Matt never offers him anything other than the mandatory politeness of a service industry employee.He’s about to give it all up, honestly, maybe find another coffee place to get his regular caffeine fix, because this crush is getting absolutely  ridiculous.  Shiro slips out of Haggar’s office one day after a doctoral meeting, only to see an unmistakable mop of unruly brunet hair moving down the hallway.It means a few very significant things: Matt isn’t at work, and they both apparently go to the same university, even study similar subjects because this is the engineering wing of professor’s offices, and everything is wonderful, because maybe he can chat him up in a non-awkward way with this veritable fountain of knowledge.“Hey,” he says, jogging a bit to catch up because Matt’s about to round the corner to the elevators.Matt doesn’t respond, though, so he calls out again, this time a little louder, and the brunet  finally turns around in response to Shiro’s greeting.Except this person is definitely  not  Matt.“I am  so  sorry,” Shiro blurts out immediately. “I thought you were someone else.”“Oh, man,” the person - who must be Pidge, Shiro realizes belatedly - says with a grin. “You’re Shiro, aren’t you?”There’s something vaguely ominous about the way Pidge says his name, and he offers an apologetic smile and a, “Yeah…?”“Lance has not shut up for the past week about your crush on Matt,” she says so bluntly that he can’t help but like her instantly. “Which is  hilarious,  because Matt has not shut up about  you  for at least a month.”
 Wait, what? 
“Wait, what?” he asks, because he’s positive he misheard her.Pidge clasps her hands together and raises them to her cheek in a parody of what must be a pining maiden. “ ‘Oh, Pidge, that handsome grad student came to the shop again! I almost spilled his drink all over myself and told him to drink it like that!’” Her voice rises to a falsetto that sounds nothing like Matt’s actual tone, but it still causes a startled laugh to burst out of his chest at the sheer ridiculousness of the words.Shiro can see why Pidge gets along so well with Lance and Keith.“I doubt he’s actually  said  anything like that,” he says, finally, forcing himself to swallow down the butterflies that are suddenly threatening to fly past his stomach and out his throat.“Maybe not  exactly,  but I’m smart enough to read between the lines. Unlike you, who is apparently so dense that you can’t see he’s been waiting for you to give him your number for  ages. ”Exactly how many times today is Shiro going to be absolutely flabbergasted?“Uh - what?” Ten years in college, and his vocabulary is reduced to guttural sounds and one-word questions. His bank account must be weeping.“You know,” Pidge says slowly, though she’s still grinning - a bit maniacally, now that he gives it a closer look. “Lance made it sound like you were a lot more intelligent than you’re coming off, here.”She’s obviously joking, but it manages to do the trick. He clears his throat. “Sorry, you just - caught me off-guard. I appreciate all of the inside intel, Pidge. You should come out with us all, sometime.”Pidge gives him a thumbs up and another smile. “Sure thing!”  Shiro had a battle plan. Really, he did.Pidge’s revelation that Matt might  actually  be interested in him had him motivated enough to make a move the next time he went in for coffee. (Okay, he actually went in once already, fully prepared to ask Matt out, except Matt had done him the dishonor of  not actually working  that day, and damn, maybe he should have asked Pidge for his schedule, or something.)It takes a bit more self-convincing after that, and a few pep-talks from  Lance,  of all people (who  definitely  got scammed by Nyma about a week ago and is not the most reputable sources of comfort, at the moment) to actually make him step inside the coffee shop with his battle plan ready to be enacted, and all of his mental preparation leads him to this moment.“Hey,” Matt says, a smile lighting up his features. “What can I get for you?”“A medium iced mocha,” Shiro says, because it sounds good, and then: “Also, I was wondering when you get off your shift?”Matt freezes in the middle of inputting his order into the cash register. His face reddens, and he asks, “Sorry, what?”It sounds so genuinely confused that Shiro doesn’t know what to say, at first. The word vomit that ends up coming out is, “Your sister - Pidge - said maybe you’d be interested in going out on a date with me sometime, so I was wondering if you were off soon and wanted to do something?”“What?”  Matt says again, a bit too loudly.  “I never said anything like that!”And,  oh. That hurts a bit more than Shiro would care to admit, but he plasters a fake smile across his own features and somehow manages a light shrug. “Oh, well. It was worth a shot. Just the mocha, then.” He passes the barista his credit card and tries not to think too much on the sinking feeling in his stomach.The brunet stares at Shiro’s card as though it’s some kind of alien specimen. It’s a little daunting, being on the other side of someone staring unendingly at something, and he shifts a bit uncomfortably.His movement snaps Matt out of whatever daze he’d been in, and he grabs the credit card from Shiro’s hand before swiping it. “No, no, no,” he says quickly, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it like  that,  I just meant that Pidge is a nosy little fuck who doesn’t know how to mind her own business. I’m off in an hour and would love to go somewhere with you.”Through the renewed hope flaring up deep in his chest, Shiro is fairly confident that this is going to rank as one of the best moments of his life. Nevermind the moment he successfully defends his dissertation, or manages to land a job at NASA, because the incredible smile on Matt’s face as he prepares the drink is all Shiro really needs in his life.Their fingers  definitely  brush during this drink exchange, and even though Matt has to rush back over to the counter to take care of more customers, the smudged phone number and the smiley face on his plastic cup are more than enough inspiration to get him through the next hour.
There were no customers that day, at all.Stiles, bored out of his mind, played around with the settings of a little fan placed on the countertop. It was their piss poor imitation of air conditioning, which they didn't have. When Stiles started playing The Imperial March using the switch on it, his dad looked up at him from the book he was reading."Dust the shelves off.""I already did that.""Unpack those boxes, then.""And I did that too."The ex-sheriff was fighting the amusement, trying to cover his smirk with a book. How could he possibly be laughing when his son was in a mortal danger of dying of severe boredom?" Arrange the books in the reverse alphabet?"Stiles sighed dramatically, pushing the fan away and pulling it back up because even though the appliance was old and battered and barely working, even the slightest whiff of air was better than the almost touchable heat that took over the rest of the bookshop."I have a feeling I will do just that, thanks, dad."Used books took up every available space in the store, including the shelves and two out of three windowsills. Given that he'd be working at an average speed, the task could take up to two full weeks, if he was lucky.Stiles had no idea what he was supposed to do for the rest of his summer break, though.“I thought this is what you wanted for me, son. To finally relax.” His dad was eyeing him quizzically. He’d be been doing that a lot ever since Stiles came back from college. Which was the day before yesterday.“Can’t you relax just as every other retired person in this country does? Watching TV, or something? Even daytime television is better than this, because this? This isn’t relaxing, dad. This is torture.”Dad just shrugged, returning to the book he was reading. Stiles groaned, seriously considering arranging the books in some very time-consuming way. Maybe according to the colors on the covers, including the gradients.It wasn’t that Stiles didn’t want a less stressful job for his father. He knew his dad wouldn’t sit still for too long – Stiles remembered all those times he tried getting involved in various investigations even during vacation – but opening a used bookshop was a suspiciously uneventful business.Stiles was still waiting for the other shoe to drop.
The other shoe turned out to be the first customer that day. At first Stiles didn’t even raise his head, busy with rearranging the books.“Good morning!”“Good morning, Sheriff!”Dad hadn’t been the sheriff for two years now, but almost no one in town called him by his name, choosing “the Sheriff” instead. Stiles wasn’t sure if anybody even knew his dad’s first name anyway.Finally, Stiles peeked out from behind the bookshelf. Just in time to see a woman handing his dad a stack of books – mostly terrible romances with even more terrible pink covers, and, randomly A Tale of Two Cities – and his dad pulling out a similar stack from under the counter with a smile.The woman could be his dad’s age, or slightly older. She was one of those amazing people, who looked classy and out of your league regardless of what they were wearing or what time it was.So all that comradery with Stiles’ dad was highly unsettling.“I’ll send Laura with the coffee in a minute. Are you sure you don’t want anything from our special menu?”Dad shook his head, pointing with his thumb at the bookshelf, which was Stiles’ vantage point.“I’ll take two today. I have company.”“Oh?”The woman turned to face Stiles and he knew her. He saw her sometimes in Beacon Hills, before he left for college. He couldn’t remember the name now, but he could say that she lived with her daughter in the suburbs, and that she had a son, a couple of years older than Stiles, too. Stiles remembered her son the most. Mostly because of the fact that he vastly contributed to Stiles discovering and exploring his own bisexuality.“And what can I get for you, sweetie?”What.Oh, right. The coffee.“Uh… anything from the special menu? And let me guess, my dad wants something ridiculously strong, right? Please don’t give him that. Maybe some nice herbal tea?”“Stiles.”Stiles smiled at the woman, who smiled back and left the bookshop.Dad waited until the woman left and turned to Stiles with a cold, hard stare.“Stop undermining my authority in front of potential customers!”“Potential… are you serious right now. You are. Jesus, you took those books from under the counter like some shady dealer. Who was that, anyway?Dad shot him yet another look, this time a mix of disbelief and an exasperated I-hope-you’re-not-joking-because-I-can’t-tell.“That was Mrs. Hale, you don’t remember her?”Right. Mrs. Hale. Mother of Derek Hale. That Derek Hale. Responsible for Stiles’ sexuality crisis when he was fourteen.“Mrs. Hale and her daughter run that coffee shop next to us. But since the business is slow these days, we have a deal. I get coffee, they get books.”Stiles had a feeling already. It was going to be a long summer.**Dad’s bookshop was located almost in the heart of Beacon Hills. It was also entirely his idea to open one there. Stiles was perfectly aware of the fact his dad could live off of his sheriff’s pension, he didn’t even want to consider that though. Any form of inactivity wasn’t in Stilinskis’ blood and Stiles understood that all too well.Of course, Stiles couldn’t miss the opportunity for a few bad puns here and there. Some of them stuck though, stuck for good. Hence the bookshop was called Bookengard.Stiles tried to give his father a nametag with his name and a title of “The Lord of the Books”. He found his dad’s threat to disown him a bit excessive, too.Mochalicious, Mrs. Hale’s coffee shop, was just next door. Literally, the shop and Bookengard’s walls were connected.And judging by how often Mrs. Hale (and sometimes her daughter) came by the bookshop to exchange coffee for books, the number of customers there was equally as unimpressive.A plan started forming in Stiles’ head.It needed a lot of details and Stiles was almost sure that the entire technical side of it would fall on his father’s shoulders, but he knew it would work.**The plan was absolutely genius and even his father’s skepticism couldn’t dampen Stiles’ enthusiasm.“Dad, you have to admit; this is the best idea I’ve ever had.”“You said the same thing when you and Scott decided to drop out of school and start a punk rock band.”Stiles pulled at his hair, frustrated. He just couldn’t understand how his father could joke in such important moment of their lives.“I was fifteen and I had an unlimited access to the Internet. It’s your fault, really. And you’re going to hold it against me forever, aren’t you?”The Sheriff didn’t say anything, but his face told Stiles that was exactly what was going to happen.“Tell me exactly, what is that you’re planning to do?”“Join your shops!” Stiles said, half annoyed that he had to repeat what he’d explained in great detail not even five minutes ago, and half smug. His dad’s resolve was starting to crack. “In every big city there are lots of these bookstore-coffee shops hybrids and people are practically fighting to get in. It’s gonna be superb. Just think about it. You have no customers, Mrs. Hale has no customers…”“So we should join forces and have no customers together?” Sometimes Stiles thought how much easier his life would be if he hadn’t inherited his incurable sarcasm from his father.**Unlike his father, Mrs. Hale and her daughter – Laura – shared Stiles’ enthusiasm. Before Stiles even noticed, Mrs. Hale practically kidnapped his dad to work on permissions and applications and other stuff Stiles didn’t really think about yet.There was a lot to be done, and there were not enough people to do it, but Stiles and Laura’s earnestness helped them overlook such minor issues.It turned out Laura was quite a skillful interior designer.It also turned out that hours spent together working on projects drew them closer to each other. So much so that Laura felt free to send random texts to Stiles at two am, and Stiles (after two beers too many, but still) told her once all about his sexual preferences and the main reason he discovered them. He didn’t reveal any names, but Laura (who had two beer less than Stiles) smirked knowingly. Stiles must have been less sneaky than he thought.“On a scale from one to I have a different pair of thick framed glasses for each day of the week, how hipster do we want our shop to be?”Stiles was (mostly) serious when he asked that, but Laura just laughed and patted him on the head. It was such an older sister’s gesture, Stiles was sure she had years of practice behind her.They were sitting at the makeshift chairs in front of a makeshift table made out of planks, in the middle of what was left of the coffee shop, eating Chinese take-out in companionable silence. And that was when Laura decided to share the news with Stiles.“I asked Derek to come and help us.”Stiles choked on a spring roll.“What?”Laura looked at him critically, moving slightly away from Stiles to give his body a sweeping look.“We can’t bring the wall down by ourselves, can we? And Derek is made out of muscle, this wall is nothing to him.”This information wasn’t helpful at all in Stiles’ opinion. Especially when he tried to drink and almost spat everything out.Laura didn’t comment on his behavior. But if her smile was anything to go by, Stiles was in deep trouble.**Stiles wouldn’t admit it even if there was a death threat hanging above his head, but he panicked a bit when he heard that Derek was coming back to Beacon Hills to help them.It was only because the last memory Stiles had (and cherished greatly) of Derek involved a certain lacrosse practice, sweaty bodies and lots of shirtlessness. Renovating in summer almost always equaled very similar sweaty bodies and sudden lack of shirts.So no, Stiles’ anxiousness wasn’t so groundless.**Reality usually wasn’t as bad as imagination. Stiles had a lot of opportunities to prove that theory right, especially during every exam period ever, when his stubborn brain supplied the worst case scenarios on daily basis.But the theory was wrong when it came to Derek Hale. Whatever Stiles would have imagined - the reality was way worse. Or better.What Stiles knew about Derek from his sparse memories – at the age of seventeen Derek looked as if he part-timed as an underwear model, he was also a rising star of the school’s lacrosse team and kind of a loner, which only made the gossips juicier and built his reputation of a bad boy.What Stiles knew about Derek from Laura – Derek had started a construction company on the East Coast, a couple of hundred miles from Beacon Hills. He was also an aggravating younger brother, who only remembered about the existence of a telephone every once in a while.What Stiles knew about Derek after seeing him for the first time in years – leather jackets were invented so that Derek Hale could wear them.(Stiles decided to avoid Laura for the next couple of days. After she introduced them to each other she looked rather smug and it was in Stiles’ best interest not to inquire what that could mean).Actually they started working right after the necessary formalities and handshakes. Derek shrugged the jacket off and took the hammer into his hands. Stiles followed his example.They worked arm to arm (chest to chest? Sweaty bodies, no, wrong train of thoughts, Stiles stop) for long, hard hours. Stiles was almost a pro at ignoring everything that wasn’t a wall or his hammer. He also tried to talk to Derek which turned out to be a bit problematic. It could be due to Derek being a natural grump. Or, what seemed more probable, due to the fact that they both needed to stay focused if they didn’t want to end up with a huge chunk of a wall on their heads.Undeterred by a few (alright, more than a few) failed attempts at having a conversation that would involve both of them, Stiles decided to try a new topic. Books. Books were safe and easy, right.He cleared his throat to signal the beginning what was supposed to be a very engaging conversation.“Let me guess. You’re a Ludlum fan.”That must have been a miss, because Derek’s eyebrows went up. Derek had very expressive eyebrows, Stiles noticed.“It’s your guess or a stereotype?”“Ask him about Twilight!” They heard Laura’s shout. Derek almost dropped his hammer.“For Christ’s sake, Laura!” He shouted back, and added, calmer now, “She made me read it, alright.”“Alright, alright.” Stiles lifted his free hand in a placating manner, cataloguing this information for later.After a few days Stiles knew that Derek reads mostly classics – oldies, which Stiles wouldn’t have read if he hadn’t had to back in high school, but apparently Derek enjoyed them. Stiles had a feeling that Derek had a strange but well hidden affinity for bad werewolf books, although Derek admitted he only read them for laughs. As if.“What do you mean you haven’t read Lord of the Rings?” Stiles was so outraged he almost splashed out the paint he and Laura were mixing. The wall was gone already – there was a gaping hole instead and everything looked more as if  it needed a demolition company more than repair, but Laura was optimistic.Derek shrugged.“I’ve seen the movie.”“It’s- it’s not the same, Derek!”And that was how Stiles got yet another brilliant idea. He was going to fix Derek’s obvious holes in proper literary education. And he wasn’t going to be subtle about it.**Stiles knew he could have been taking the boxes with the books to the back of the shop himself. He could have. But what if he had Derek do it instead? And Derek lost his tank top in the process. Really, Stiles wasn’t the one to complain when Derek bent down to pick up more boxes and really, it looked like his jeans were a new definition of the word “skinny”. “Stiles, if you’re done here, could you please come and help me install the espresso machine?”Stiles cringed, because Laura a) was standing right behind him and b) was definitely too amused, which meant she saw everything and had her own theories about it.What she didn’t know was that Stiles put memo stickers on most of the books he deemed worthy of his recommendation, writing short summaries that in theory were supposed to encourage Derek to pick them up.Due to a very exhausting installation of the espresso machine, he missed Derek’s reaction to most of his inspiring descriptions (he might or might have not put a glittery sticker on Twilight), but he caught him later reading The Hobbit when they were on break, because Stiles’ dad and Mrs. Hale finally came in for inspection.He was still reading it half an hour later when they were alone, focused, automatically fixing his glasses sliding down his nose from time to time.It was adorable.**One day Stiles entered the coffee shop juggling six rolls of wallpaper they were supposed to put on the walls at the back, when he heard angry voices from behind one of the half empty bookshelves.“You are seriously pathetic, what are you waiting for?” Laura sounded furious. She never sounded even remotely angry, just irritated. Her default expression was smug. Stiles could imagine how her eyes narrow dangerously, a warning before an attack.“Nothing. I will be gone in three weeks.” Unlike Laura, Derek seemed eerily calm.Derek. Stiles froze in place, not even pretending not to be interested in what they were talking about.“And that’s even more reason to finally do something about it, you idiot!”“Laura- ”“Don’t laura me. I’m not blind, I can see what’s happening. And you won’t do anything about it. Again. As usual.”Derek didn’t reply. Stiles decided it was a good time to reveal himself without being too conspicuous. “Am I interrupting something?”Laura just shook her head, and Derek practically snatched the rolls out of Stiles’ hands and went to the back with a scowl firm on his face.Stiles didn’t exactly understand what just happened but if his deduction skills were anything to go by, the conversation hit too close to a subject he’d rather avoided for the time being.**Sometime around the middle of August the day was so hot both Stiles and Derek did anything to procrastinate as much as they could. And they could, since Laura wasn’t even there and Stiles told his dad to stay home.Suddenly there was the sound of a small bell hanging above the front door (Stiles’ dad insisted they install it) and Stiles jumped in surprise. Meanwhile Derek merely looked up from the book he was reading.There was a boy standing in the door, around eight or nine years old, looking around the room uncertainly. The coffee shop didn’t look as if there was a hurricane recently but it was still bearing various signs of repair.Before Stiles had even any time to react, Derek was in front of the kid, asking him if there was anything he could help him with. Derek was nice. Stiles had a suspicion he was, but now he had a living proof. So far, he’d come to know Derek’s sarcastic side, with a dash of defensive whenever he talked with Laura.Anyway, the kid wanted to buy a book. And regardless of the fact they were still closed, Derek nodded and let the boy in.Finally he left with a huge smile on his face and a book Derek had been reading before he'd come in.Stiles bit his cheek to not to express how cute the whole thing was. What he said instead was:“I just hope you weren’t reading Tolstoy or something.”Derek rolled his eyes and sat back on the couch he was previously occupying, grabbing for the first book in reach.Which happened to be Twilight. And if Stiles laughed for five minutes because of the way Derek had thrown the book back, so what? He could now.**The summer was inevitably coming to an end, but Derek was still finding new things to fix. And Stiles could understand electricity (he just didn’t want the whole place to go up in flames) but the whole campaign Derek had started against the lamps from IKEA had them all baffled.“I just don’t get it. What’s wrong with IKEA lamps, Derek?” Stiles asked, but hopped on the passenger seat in Derek’s Camaro (Camaro! God, the guy was loaded). Laura graciously allowed them to buy lamps in some high-end designer lamp store a hundred miles from Beacon Hills as long as Derek paid for everything and took Stiles with him to make wise choices. Derek agreed to that surprisingly quickly.“So we can’t buy anything that would mess with the color palette Laura has picked already. Which means no silvers and coppers. And no bright colors. Dark ones too. Oh, and the light bulbs have to be energy-saving. But otherwise we’re free to choose!”They ended up in some really exclusive shop, where Stiles wasn’t sure he would be able to afford a light bulb.  “What about that one?” Stiles pointed at a terrifying monstrosity of a lamp. Derek snorted and took off his (top brand, expensive and hot) glasses and put them on Stiles’ nose.“Just look closely and ask me that again, please.”Stiles decided in that instant to be as obnoxious as humanly possible.“What’s wrong with it?”“Seriously, Stiles?” Derek threw him a frustrated look, but Stiles noticed the corners of his lips twitching. Success! “I thought your eyesight is for shit, but turns out it’s your taste that’s for shit.”Stiles reciprocated by pointing out the ugliest lamps he could find in the remaining time they spent in the lamp store.(The lamps Derek chose were decent – some modern thingy with gold finish – and true to his word, Derek paid for them. Quite a large sum).**It was all set. Even the cute printed aprons were hanging on the hooks behind the counter. Laura was polishing the floor, which was completely unnecessary because it basically shone. Derek came to stand next to Stiles, contemplating their work.Bookalicious, their new bookstore-slash-coffee shop was vintage enough to draw all the hipster kids from Beacon Hills and sufficiently cozy to not to scare off the rest of customers. It was the perfect combination. There were comfortable chairs and couches in front of rows of bookshelves. Everything was in warm browns and beiges and it reminded Stiles of… well, of coffee and good books.“It looks good.”“It does,” Stiles agreed, turning to Derek and smiling widely. Derek looked at him and smiled back. “Good job, Derek.”“You too. Good job.”And it would have been a very awkward moment if not for Laura.“Jesus Christ, just stop with the staring and kiss the hell out of each other! You’re both infuriating!”Laura’s annoyed shout broke something in Stiles. Apparently in Derek too, because when they both burst out laughing, he leaned closer to Stiles.“Maybe we could, you know, grab a coffee together or something? Since we’re at the coffee shop and all?”Derek’s grin got even wider and finally, finally he kissed Stiles.When they eventually got to the table to drink their coffees, they were disgustingly cold.Neither of them noticed that, though. 
The first time it happens, Yoongi thinks it was a mistake. 
 
His black coffee is slid across the counter with a call of his name, and when he goes to pick it up, there’s a brown paper pastry bag sitting on top of it. 
 
When he looks inside and sees a baby pink cake pop adorned with star-shaped sprinkles, Yoongi motions to the barista and tries to push the bag back.
 
“I didn’t order this,” he said. 
 
The barista, whose hair was a shade of pink alarmingly similar to the sweet treat, just smiled.
 
“It’s on the house.” 
 
And Yoongi didn’t know what it was — if it was the boy’s warm smile or his pretty voice or if it was just too early in the morning for Yoongi’s brain to function properly — but he nodded, took his coffee and the cake pop, and sat down at one of the tables. 
 
Yoongi stared at the incriminating pink pastry and cursed the cheesy poet that lived inside him (that he kept hidden deep, deep down) for comparing the star sprinkles to the boy’s shining eyes. 
 
Yoongi would have to be a complete asshole to be able to look that barista in the face and tell him that he detested sweets. 
 
Almost immediately, Yoongi regretted sitting down.
 
He should have just began walking to class, even though he still had an hour left before his lecture started. 
 
Yoongi could feel the barista’s eyes on him, could feel the barista eyeing him eyeing the cake pop. 
 
So with a deep breath and a silent prayer that he didn’t throw up or spontaneously combust or something equally as embarrassing, he steeled his shoulders, picked up the stick holding the sweet, and shoved the entire thing into his mouth. 
 
Yoongi wasn’t a dramatic man. 
 
With that information, one would be inclined to know that he was half a second away from gagging, spitting the cake pop out right onto the establishment’s clean floors, and skipping his upcoming lecture to go lay down in his bed. 
 
That is how much Yoongi hated sweets. 
 
But one glance over at the barista, who was watching him with the sunniest fucking smile on his face, had Yoongi chewing, smiling (more like grimacing but he tried his best) and then burning his throat chugging half his coffee as he tried to wash away the taste. 
 
+
 
The problem was, Yoongi couldn’t go to any other coffeeshop for his daily morning coffees. 
 
The cart on the other side of campus always had a line that was much too long, and the other shops scattered throughout their little college town always made their coffees too sweet, or charged six dollars for one damn cup, curse those swanky hipster establishments. 
 
So every morning, he had to go back to the coffeeshop with the barista named Jimin, who had recently switched shifts with Taehyung, the barista who originally worked the morning shift.
 
“Morning, Yoongi! The usual?” Jimin was always much too happy at the crack of dawn, and if Yoongi didn’t know any better he would say that the sun rose when Jimin did, bright smile and bright eyes and bright personality beaming out over the horizon and lighting up the entire world. 
 
With a grunt of affirmation, Yoongi paid for his coffee, left a generous tip, and steeled his stomach for another cake pop.
 
It’s been two weeks.
 
Yoongi knew that he should have said something by now, maybe something along the lines of ‘Hey, Jimin, it’s really nice that you’ve been giving me free cake pops for the past two weeks but I think it’s time to tell you that eating anything sweeter than an apple makes me want to throw my intestines up. Anyway, want to go on a date?’ 
 
But all Yoongi did was nod and hand over his credit card, stomach already churning in preparation for the sweet. 
 
Now, Yoongi knew that he could just leave the shop with his coffee and the cake pop and simply throw the cake pop away, but there was something admittedly satisfying about being the reason for Park Jimin’s smile that always appeared on his face after he watched Yoongi eat the treat. 
 
Yoongi’s stomach’s well-being was a lot less important than Jimin’s happiness, if Yoongi were being completely honest with himself. 
 
However, this was the morning that the world decided try to ruin Yoongi’s life. 
 
In the form of Jung Hoseok. 
 
Right as Yoongi sat down with his coffee and cake pop, his (self-proclaimed) best friend passed by the shop, saw him through the window, and proceeded to screech Yoongi’s name his entire walk to the rapper’s table. 
 
“Yoongi! So this is where you disappear to every morning!” Hoseok pulled out the chair across from Yoongi and plopped down, heart-shaped smile and happy eyes beaming at Yoongi. 
 
“Hobi, you’re screaming. Inside voice, please,” Yoongi groaned, taking a healthy chug from his cup. 
 
But Hoseok wasn’t even paying attention to him. His eyes were fixated on the brown pastry bag. Or, more accurately, what was inside the brown pastry bag. 
 
Hoseok and Yoongi have been friends for their entire lives. Their moms were high school friends, so they grew up together.
 
So Hoseok knew.
 
Oh, did Hoseok know. 
 
He knew that one time in 6th grade Yoongi threw up all over a girl’s shoes because she had baked him a brownie for his birthday and he didn’t want to hurt her feelings by rejecting it.
 
He knew that even the smell of an ice cream shop could make Yoongi feel nauseous. 
 
So when he looked into Yoongi’s bag and saw a cake pop, Hoseok’s eyes grew twice their size.
 
“What the hell? Why are you eating this?” 
 
Yoongi’s spine stiffened, and he plastered on an I’m-going-to-kill-you-if-you-don’t-shut-up-right-now smile, one that he’s perfected after spending his entire life with loud-mouthed Hobi. 
 
“What do you mean?” Yoongi grabbed the cake pop and pulled if out of the bag. “I love cake pops.” 
 
He then proceeded to shove said cake pop into his mouth. 
 
Yoongi would have gotten a whole lot of joy out of his friend’s completely dumbfounded and slightly fearful expression if he weren’t so busy trying not to barf. 
 
The sickly sweet frosting stuck to his teeth, the roof of his mouth, he could feel the sprinkles on his tongue, melting out into a sugary Hell. 
 
Glancing to his right, Yoongi saw the Jimin’s familiar grin as the barista spotted Yoongi eating the cake pop. 
 
Following his line of sight, Hoseok’s expression grew from horrified to exceedingly amused.
 
He could see his friend putting two and two together, and Yoongi steeled himself for Hoseok’s reaction.
 
“OH. MY. GOD,” Hoseok laughed, throwing his entire body back into the chair and clapping his hands together like a seal. 
 
“Shut the fuck up, Hobi,” Yoongi glared after a long chug of coffee. “I know what you’re gonna say and I don’t want to hear it.” 
 
“I never thought I’d live to see the day,” Hoseok wiped tears from his eyes. “The day Min Yoongi falls prey to the deadly killer…” 
 
“Shut.” 
 
“The bloodcurdling assailant…!” 
 
“Up.” 
 
“Emotions,” Hoseok ended with a dramatic flourish, feigning a swoon. 
 
“Do you want to die tonight, brat?” Yoongi shouted. 
 
“Careful, frowny,” Hoseok smirked. “Your lil cake pop is looking a bit alarmed.” 
 
Yoongi hates to admit it, but with those words he immediately and instinctively plastered on a smile, and lowered his voice. 
 
Through the sound of Hoseok’s boisterous laughter, Yoongi whispered, “Call him my cake pop again and you won’t live to see another day.” 
 
+ 
 
Jimin sighed morosely as he wiped down the counter and prepared to switch shifts with Taehyung. His best friend, who had gotten to his shift twenty minutes early to spend time with Jimin, let out a sigh of his own and grabbed the washcloth from Jimin’s hand. 
 
“Alright, spill. What’s up?” 
 
“What do you mean?” Jimin pouted.
 
“You’ve been sighing like a lovesick puppy the entire time I’ve been here. Did something happen with your badass crush? Tell me!” Taehyung’s eyes widened in realization, his loud voice attracting Namjoon out from the back kitchens.
 
“Jimin has a crush?” 
 
“A badass one, yes!” Taehyung sang. “He wears leather jackets and has a voice deeper than both of ours combined, Namjoonie!” 
 
Jimin groaned.
 
“Well, consider my crush gone. He has a boyfriend,” Jimin sighed. 
 
Taehyung’s smile immediately disappeared, and he left Namjoon’s side to grab Jimin’s hand.
 
“Oh, no,” Taehyung frowned. “How do you know?” 
 
“His boyfriend met him here this morning,” Jimin’s shoulders slumped. “He was beautiful and his laugh was so happy and it was the first time I’ve seen Yoongi genuinely smile, and…”
 
“Did you just say…Yoongi?” Namjoon cut in.
 
“That’s his name,” Taehyung supplied.
 
“Min Yoongi?”
 
Jimin and Taehyung looked up, identical expressions of shock painted on their features.
 
“You know him?” Taehyung screeched. 
 
“He’s in the scene,” Namjoon answered. “We’ve been acquaintances for years, but I have a class with him this semester, so we’re getting closer.” 
 
“Oh my god, he’s a rapper, I knew he was a badass! Namjoonie! You have to take us!” Taehyung said.
 
Namjoon looked the pair up and down. Jimin, with his pastel hair and soft voice. Taehyung, with his outrageously wide smile and puppy-like personality. Then imagined the two in the drug-infested, loud underground rapping scene. 
 
And almost fainted at the thought of how much trouble he would be in with Jin if he brought his boyfriend’s favorite dongsaengs to the scene. 
 
Namjoon backed away.
 
“I really can’t.” 
 
“What? Why not?” Jimin frowned, stepping forward. 
 
“Don’t you dare, Park Jimin,” Namjoon warned. “Your puppy eyes won’t work on me!” 
 
Don’t tell Jin, but they worked. 
 
With barely any effort on Jimin’s part. 
 
Namjoon decided that he was a weak, weak man. 
 
+
 
“Keep within three feet of me at all times, if you can’t see me, then I can’t see you, okay, if someone is bothering you just shout my name and I’ll fuck them up, keep your phone on you at all times, actually — turn your ringers on the loudest setting right now — HEY, are you guys listening?” Namjoon sputtered, looking back towards Jimin and Taehyung, who had long ago began to shove each other and jump over cracks in the sidewalk rather than listen to their hyung fret. 
 
“Yes, dad,” Taehyung sighed. “Don’t worry about us. We can handle ourselves. We just want to see Yoongi rap, that’s all!” 
 
“Okay, well, if Jimin gets hurt, then I’m telling Jin it was your fault,” Namjoon grumbled, lips twitching up into a smile when his threat actually made Taehyung pale. 
 
“Jiminie, stick by my side, okay?” Taehyung said sweetly, ignoring Jimin’s rolling eyes. 
 
“Yes, dad,” Jimin mimicked Taehyung, sighing when his friend just slung an arm around his shoulder and dragged him closer. 
 
They walked into the large warehouse, Namjoon getting multiple nods from very intimidating people that Jimin resolutely avoided eye contact with. He was not looking for any friends more intimidating than Namjoon, thank you very much, and, really, once you got to know Namjoon, despite his tall height and deep voice and philosophical mind, he was nothing more than a stumbling, overgrown man-child. 
 
Yoongi, though…Jimin could definitely make an exception for Yoongi. 
 
Because even though Yoongi never really said anything particularly nice or funny (Jimin only ever saw him in the morning — maybe he wasn’t a morning person! Give him a break!) Jimin liked the way that Yoongi bit his lip while working on his laptop, and the way he ate cake pops in one entire bite (it took Jimin three bites just to finish one), and the way he tapped his fingers on the table when he was thinking. 
 
Jimin deflated when he remembered the boy who had come in today, who had seen Yoongi from outside and walked in and plopped down as if they’ve known each other for years. The way Yoongi had called him ‘Hobi’, a cute, fond nickname, and the way ‘Hobi’ had teased Yoongi and Yoongi let it all slide with fake-threatening words and a fond smile. 
 
Jimin wanted Yoongi to give him a nickname.
 
He wanted Yoongi to look at him with an expression even half as fond, and he’d be happy. 
 
Jimin sighed. 
 
Then, as if conjured by Jimin’s thoughts, the boy with the large smile and energetic personality appeared in front of them.
 
“Namjoon!” 
 
“Hoseok, hey.” 
 
The two of them hugged, and then, Hoseok’s eyes caught Jimin.
 
And widened.
 
Dramatically.
 
As in, grew three times their size widened. 
 
Freaked out, Jimin’s eyes widened back.
 
“Oh my god!” Hoseok grinned. Then, at Jimin’s slightly alarmed and Taehyung’s slightly defensive expressions, he quickly schooled his features.
 
“I mean, hi! I’m Hoseok!” He reached out to shake Taehyung’s hand, then Jimin’s. 
 
“You’re even cuter up close,” Hoseok cooed at Jimin. 
 
“Uuhh…thank you?” 
 
“Not to sound creepy!” Hoseok laughed, retracting his hand. “I’ve seen you at the cafe. You work there, right?” 
 
Jimin smiled and nodded.
 
“Yea, I saw you come in today.” As much as Jimin wanted to dislike Hoseok, the boy was too amiable and happy to even pretend to hate. 
 
“Only because I saw Yoongi was there! I’m not much of a caffeine person, I think I’d actually bounce off walls if I ingested any, to be honest,” Hoseok laughed. 
 
By now, Taehyung caught on to the fact that Hoseok was Yoongi’s boyfriend, and his grip around Jimin’s shoulder grew even firmer. 
 
Though Jimin didn’t have a strong constitution towards being cold to other people, Taehyung managed it pretty well, especially if he believed the other person was the reason for his best friend’s sadness. 
 
“Well, it was nice to meet you, but we gotta go,” Taehyung smiled a tight-lipped smile, then herded Jimin away, ignoring Namjoon’s calls after them. 
 
“Namjoon is going to kill us,” Jimin sighed, looking back and seeing their tall friend lose sight of them, exasperation on his face. Hoseok just stood there, confused. 
 
“Don’t worry, Jiminie,” Taehyung said. “Let’s just see Yoongi rap, get all your affection towards him out of your system, and then find you a new, even better, even more badass rapper that you can fall for!” 
 
Jimin didn’t think feelings worked that way, but hey — who was he to wipe that excited grin off his best friend’s face? 
 
“Yea, okay,” Jimin agreed. “One last time, see him rap, get him out of my system. Totally doable.” 
 
+
 
Totally. Not. Doable.
 
If Jimin thought Yoongi was attractive in the morning, with his rough morning voice and tough exterior, this was one thousand times worse.
 
On stage, Yoongi’s voice went even deeper, his actions more confident, and he held himself as if he owned that damn place.
 
And he did.
 
As he jumped to the beat, using a water bottle to spray the insane crowd, Jimin knew in that moment that he was completely screwed. 
 
“Fuck,” Taehyung groaned. “I think I’m in love with him now.” 
 
Jimin hit his friend playfully on the shoulder, but he didn’t blame him. He’s pretty sure the entire room was in love with the rapper. 
 
“This was a terrible plan. He’s totally not out of my system. If anything, he’s more in my system than he was before. He’s become my system. How am I supposed to see this and then function for the rest of my life without it?” Jimin rambled, pressing his face into his hands. 
 
“Hi, guys,” a voice startled them out of their reverie, and they looked back to see Hoseok smiling at them. “Did you enjoy Yoongi’s stage?” 
 
“He was…wild,” Taehyung managed. 
 
Hoseok laughed, nodding. “He goes crazy up there. It’s kinda funny, because outside of the scene he’s like a grandpa.” 
 
“How long have you two been dating?” Jimin blurted. 
 
The grin slipped from Hoseok’s face, replaced with a look of confusion.
 
Then something a little sly crept into his eyes, and Jimin had a bad feeling in his stomach. 
 
“Oh, he’s not my boyfriend,” Hoseok laughed. “We’ve been friends since childhood — basically brothers. Yoongi is definitely…definitely single.” 
 
At that, Taehyung slipped out of his cold front and grinned a large, boxy smile.
 
“Hear that, Jimin?” he nudged the smaller boy. “Definitely…definitely single.” 
 
Hoseok and Taehyung began laughing together, and Jimin was almost alarmed at how the two began to eye each other, a scheming smile on their lips. 
 
“Oh. I…that’s cool,” Jimin’s shoulders slumped in relief, and he was slightly alarmed at how he was hit with a wave of pure happiness, because he has a chance, and when did this small crush turn into something…more? 
 
+
 
“I can’t believe it,” Hoseok laughed. “He actually likes you back. Yoongi, this is the cutest shit I’ve ever seen. You and Jimin. Together. Imagine that.” 
 
Yoongi would never admit it, but he was blushing down to his roots. Shedding his long coat, he huffed. 
 
“Just because he thought you were my boyfriend doesn’t mean that he likes me. It just means that you’re way too affectionate with me.” 
 
“You should have seen him watching you perform, though, Yoongi,” Hoseok said. “I really thought he was going to pass out.” 
 
“…Really?” 
 
Hoseok smiled. “Really, Yoongi. I think you’ve got a good chance.” 
 
+
 
The two talked for the first time outside of the cafe when Jimin was dragged along with Namjoon to dinner with Yoongi and Hoseok. 
 
Jimin’s crush grew even stronger.
 
After that night, they began meeting up to study together.
 
At times Jimin wanted to just grab Yoongi’s head and kiss the boy.
 
But he held himself back, too shy, too unsure, too scared of opening himself up for rejection. 
 
Little did he know, when he looked away, Yoongi looked towards him, the longing in his eyes mirroring Jimin’s. 
 
For a little bit, they were living in a limbo world, both too afraid to make the first move and start the fall.
 
+
 
“I don’t know what to get Yoongi for his birthday,” Namjoon huffed one afternoon, stirring his coffee. “It’s coming up next week and I honestly have no ideas.” 
 
“Why don’t you just buy him a cake? Everyone appreciates cake,” Jin suggested, meticulously lining up the pastries in the display. 
 
“Everyone but Yoongi,” Namjoon sighed. “I’ve never known a person who detests sweets more than he does.” 
 
Jimin froze.
 
“What did you just say?” 
 
Namjoon looked at him, a strange look on his face.
 
“I said that Yoongi hates sweets. Can’t eat them. I’m pretty sure they make him want to vomit.” 
 
Jimin’s jaw dropped. 
 
“What.” 
 
“What?” Jin questioned, closing the display case and wiping his hands on a rag. 
 
“Oh my god, I’ve been giving him a free cake pop every day for the past three months,” Jimin whispered, horrified. 
 
Namjoon’s jaw hit the floor. 
 
“And he…and he…he always ate them! In one go! Popped the whole thing in his mouth!” Jimin’s voice raised in volume, hysterical. “And he always chugged his coffee after! That’s why he always chugged his coffee after!” 
 
“Oh…my…god,” Jin broke out into peals of laughter, doubling over at the waist. Namjoon soon joined in, and Jimin sunk to the floor on his butt, his knees pulled up, hands in his hair.
 
“I’m an idiot,” he wailed. 
 
“But Jimin! He wouldn’t eat them if he didn’t like you, you know?” Jin stopped his laughter to peer at his friend fondly. “This is good news!” 
 
Jimin let those words sink in.
 
“…Maybe he just felt so bad for me that he ate them anyway,” he groaned.
 
Namjoon and Jin shared an exasperated look.
 
Shrugging, Jin pulled a cake pop out of the display and handed it to Jimin in consolation.
 
“Things will turn out, Jiminie,” Jin patted the pink haired boy’s head as Jimin bit into the pastry, a frown still marring his face. “You’ll see.” 
 
+
 
Yoongi was confused.
 
Because Jimin had the audacity to go ahead and not fuck up Yoongi’s stomach this morning. 
 
He stood at the pick-up station at the coffee shop, staring at his lone black coffee. No pastry bag, no cake pop. 
 
Yoongi frowned.
 
He thought that he would be relieved the day Jimin finally stopped giving him those cake pops, but he felt strangely angry. 
 
Jimin was already back at the register taking another customer’s order, seemingly avoiding eye contact with him. 
 
Yoongi grabbed his coffee and marched right back into line, setting his shoulders before he could back out. 
 
Right as he walked up, the customer ahead of him finished ordering, and meandered over to the pick-up station. 
 
“Yoongi? Is your coffee alright?” Jimin looked surprised at Yoongi striding towards him. 
 
“The coffee’s perfect, like it always is,” Yoongi spat. “Where’s my cake pop?” 
 
Jimin blinked. 
 
There was a beat of silence. 
 
Then, strangely, a look of guilt crossed his features.
 
“Namjoon told me that you hated sweets,” Jimin said. “Yoongi, I’m so sorry, you should have said something, I’m really sorry I kept giving them to you.” 
 
Yoongi was not surprised Namjoon spilled the beans. 
 
Sighing, Yoongi said something that he really never thought he would say in his entire life:
 
“Give me a cake pop.” 
 
“I—what?” Jimin’s brows pushed together in confusion.
 
“I said, give me a cake pop.” 
 
Jimin rushed to the pastry display and pulled out a pink cake pop. Walking back towards Yoongi, he slowly, shyly handed it over. 
 
Yoongi grabbed it, took a deep breath, and shoved the whole thing in his mouth. 
 
Jimin’s eyes widened incredulously, and then he beamed. 
 
It was all worth it. 
 
“So you do like sweets! Namjoon was wrong!” 
 
Yoongi downed half his coffee, burning his tongue.
 
“God, no, Jimin,” he said once he finally got rid of the saccharine taste. “I fucking hate sweets.” 
 
Jimin’s face morphed into an expression of pure horror.
 
“What—”
 
“But I’d gladly eat a cake pop every day for the rest of my miserable life if it meant you’d smile at me like that afterwards.” 
 
+ 
 
And everything fell into place from then on. 
 
Jimin and Yoongi became JiminandYoongi, and all their friends sighed in relief and fond exasperation once they told them they were finally dating.
 
“Good, because I’m pretty sure Yoongi was beginning to develop stomach problems from all those cake pops,” Hoseok joked.
 
Now, every single morning, Yoongi still came in to the cafe. 
 
He ordered black coffee and a cake pop.
 
As soon as he paid, he handed the sweet right back over the counter, repayment for all the ones Jimin had given him. 
 
Unlike Yoongi, Jimin had a strong penchant for sweets.
 
And seeing Jimin smile fondly at him while he accepted the cake pop warmed Yoongi down to his very core.
 
He decided then that everybody needed something sweet in their lives.
 
Jimin was the one sweet thing that Yoongi would always crave, and he really wouldn’t want it any other way. 
It‘s yet another mind-numbingly boring morning when the red-haired guy enters through the door of Mighty café – its name still doesn‘t sit well with most of the employees – and crashes right into Bakugou Katsuki‘s equally-unimpressive life.It‘s only 8:30 am - if the cat clock that‘s been broken for the last few weeks is to be trusted with time - yet Bakugou‘s temper is already boiling over. Despite its remarkable seriousness, it no longer comes as a big surprise - there aren't any days that go by calmly without Bakugou throwing a temper tantrum or two - but that morning in particular is nothing short of downright annoying due to its blindingly-bright springtime sunshine and noisy traffic outside. The latter is especially tiresome, but Bakugou usually doesn't hear it, mentally converting it into obnoxious background noise of the lively masses, but when one is dying from sleep deprivation, it's a different story altogether. The lack of rest is thanks to his stupid, fucking terrible neighbors who had decided to have a lovers‘ quarrel at precisely 2 am which then ended with police and a whole lot of commotion outside. In turn, Bakugou, who doesn’t have a single shit left to spare for the shitty dramas happening outside his shitty apartment located in an even shittier neighborhood, had blissfully slept through his 5:30 am alarm.God damn it to hell. He’s never late for work.One batch of burnt cupcakes and croissants later, Mina decides that it’s the perfect time to drag her ass to work – even though it’s her duty to open up the café for the next six weeks - and when she complains about the taste of some unnamed pastries that Bakugou has somehow managed to nearly incinerate, he swears that he feels something snap in his temples.Needless to say, Mina steers away from him for the rest of the morning until Ochako and Jirou clock in.Ochako tells him that he looks like a raccoon and offers to hide his black eyes with some gooey skin-toned shit to which Bakugou angrily says no, bristles and then almost spills boiling coffee all over himself. He‘s fine with looking like a pissed off raccoon if it makes him look menacing - the worse he looks, the less he has to communicate with stupid simpletons that are his fellow colleagues. They‘re killing his remaining brain cells daily and at this rate Bakugou is certain that he‘ll end up braindead before his next paycheck.For some reason, that morning is unusually slow - probably because it‘s an achingly-boring Wednesday - but then the bell chimes, Uraraka finally shuts her pie hole, and The Guy materializes before their counter, orders like ten cups of coffee and a bag of croissants to go.Obnoxious eyesore, Katsuki decides, as he stares at the stranger and continues rearranging the assortment of sweets and pastries. In the span of five minutes, the guy makes friends with Uraraka, the sound of their chatter becoming unbearably loud. Jirou knocks her heavy boot against the back of Bakugou’s shin, interrupting his glaring.“The croissants, idiot,“ she says in a tone that sounds just as dead as Katsuki feels on the inside - has been feeling this way since birth, probably - and he‘s ready to kick her back but decides against it because The Guy zeroes in on him and touches the glass of the display window even though there’s a sticker on it that specifically spells out ‘DO NOT TOUCH’. Bakugou’s the one who has to wipe that shit off right before the closing hours. Katsuki hates him already.He talks a lot.
A lot.
Katsuki assumes that he isn‘t talking to him - he‘s far too tired to listen either way, and honestly, he doesn’t even care, but then Uraraka mentions his name, probably talking in his stead. “Bakugou-kun is the one making these. He‘s got a bit of an attitude, but his creations are to die for,“ she chirps, all bubbly and bright-eyed.Bakugou scoffs. “Fuck you, round-face, my attitude is fucking peachy.“The customer laughs. It‘s a clear sound that makes Bakugou‘s ears feel hot with annoyance.“This guy‘s gold,“ he says in a really unexpectedly melodious voice, and in his surprise, Bakugou drops a croissant, ruining the topping of a kiwi cupcake in the process. Fucking shit goddamn slippery hands what. “I‘ll trust your judgement, Uraraka-san!“ Name basis already, how charming. Bakugou is decidedly not jealous of round-face‘s magnetic personality. She‘s a pain in the ass and talks way too much for it to be considered normal.“The name‘s Kirishima,“ he then introduces himself and Bakugou‘s eyes flicker to the wild mess of red hair. Did he have to stick his finger in a socket to get those results or what?With a stony expression, he shoves the bag of croissants against that solid chest. “I don‘t fucking care. Enjoy, Hair-for-Brains,“ he throws in, because goddamn, even if he does burn shit sometimes, it doesn’t mean that he puts no heart and soul (and explosive enthusiasm) into making everything. Every pastry is his baby, so this dude better enjoy them. Along with his probably eight kids, Katsuki mentally adds when he sees a ring adorning the redhead’s finger.The guy seems completely unperturbed, much to Bakugou‘s slight confusion and mostly anger. He‘s meant to intimidate with his raccoon eyes and not receive warm smiles and giddy laughs. What a weirdo.“Well, ain‘t that just nice,“ the redhead titters and it should be filled with dislike - instead he just seems amused. Good-natured. “How about at least a smile before I go?“ He taps at the brown paper bag with the logo that depicts the cartoony smiling face of Bakugou‘s boss. Goddamn their ‘a smile a day keeps villains away‘ motto.“How about you go before your blood covers the counter?“ Bakugou threatens, eyebrow twitching furiously, and slams his palms with quite some force against the top of their fragile display window, making it quiver. Uraraka gasps in fear.For a second, it's dead quiet, and then the guy bloody winks at him. What the fucking fuck. He almost breaks shit and there's still no reaction? No fear? “There, got it!“ Hair-for-Brains snorts and Bakugou immediately has to cover up his blood-chilling, warped grin. He didn’t even feel it surfacing. Shit, is that guy secretly in need of glasses if he thinks that this is anything like a friendly flash of teeth? Katsuki almost feels insulted.Hair-for-Brains turns back to Uraraka, thank god. Bakugou tries to remember his name but realizes that he doesn‘t care, or well, shouldn‘t, and tries to feign indifference. “Thank you for this. I heard that this café sells the best buns.” The redhead smiles and perfectly balances the tray covered in small coffee cups. “I‘ll see you later!““See you never,“ Bakugou corrects, watching the guy push the door open with his boot, and wonders how the hell his pants are still holding up. He‘s practically swimming in them.Jirou snaps her fingers in front of his nose, startles him out of his trance. “What.““What do you mean ‘what‘. You‘ve been spacing out for a minute.““Wasn‘t.“ Busted.“You were,“ she states and picks at her crusted, black nail polish. Uraraka‘s dealing with another customer, but her ears are focused on the conversing pair. Katsuki knows her well-enough by now. “That punk left an impression on ya?““The impression of a fucking dumbass who‘s never heard of a comb, yeah.““Hypocrite.““Bitch, what?““I said that he seems nice enough. New, right?“ Uraraka, who‘s now busy collecting the cash and punching in the numbers on the register, nods. “Wonder what he does for a living. Not a student, that‘s for sure.““I don’t give a fuck,“ Bakugou bristles, though his input is probably unnecessary and unasked for, and goes back to his precious cupcakes, stuffs the ruined one into his mouth. He‘s not into sweets himself but it would be a waste to throw it out, and he‘d rather choke Mina with it before actually offering it as some peace treaty. The girl‘s still hiding away from him.Jirou shrugs at his explosive outburst. Katsuki despises her from the ripped fishnets to the sharp wings of her eyeliner. He hates her because she‘s insightful as fuck, and despite everything, Bakugou feels like they‘re way more close than he and the other two girls are. Probably because she is just as done with life as he is. “Look, I‘m not trying to burst your bubble-““Finish that sentence and see what fucking happens.““But he‘s like. Too old for you, I bet. He‘s actually immune to your morning bitchfits. No one in our age group is capable of that. He‘s probably a forty-something old man who has stopped physically aging at the age of twenty.“ Bakugou isn’t sure why he still lets her keep talking and insulting his ways. It‘s probably the sleep-deprivation.She‘s collecting some scattered boxes to take to the kitchen, notices that Bakugou isn’t truly listening and focuses her attention on Uraraka, who is now struggling with the milk machine. Still a newbie. “Do you think he‘s a social worker? Looks like one.““Why do you think so?” the usually cheerful brunette asks, honestly curious.“He seems like one of those third-year-something soc study kids who don’t have their shit together. Look at Mina, for god’s sake.”“I would‘ve thought that maybe he works at the construction?“ Uraraka thinks out loud and mutters a weak curse when the machine hisses in protest. “But I feel like that doesn’t make sense, in a way?““The pants?““Yeah, definitely.““Looks like a cop.““Could be? Or maybe he‘s just lazy when it comes to clothes in the morning!“They keep playing the ‘Guess the Weirdo’s profession’ game while Bakugou tries his best to unhear it, but this morning is just plain wrong. Something definitely isn’t right, from the missed alarms to this bizarre conversation, and that guy with glaringly red hair and a mouth full of white shark teeth.“Perhaps it's something that requires lots of physical strength? He has the body for it. I mean, he could probably bench-press a car,“ Jirou points out, still monotone. Katsuki feels his eyebrow twitch, tries to erase the mental image of skin-tight gray t-shirts, so fucking tight that he could see the outline of those defined muscles. He bites his lip and rubs at his burning eyes. They‘re too dry. Blood pulses in his ears when Jirou asks, with a hint of smugness, “Don‘t you think so, Katsuki?“She‘s reading his thoughts or somethin‘? Katsuki sputters, almost chokes on another pastry that he's snagged and is nibbling at in earnest just for the sake of quelling his irritation. “Why the fuck do you keep insisting that I give a fucking shit about that stupid ass? Because I don‘t, blah blah, boobs and shit, you know the drill, you fuckin’-“The bell chimes and the glorious Todoroki Shouto steps in. As if magnetized, Bakugou‘s eyes are pulled along and he drops the cupcake. What a waste.Jirou snorts. Pots start clanging and crashing inside their small kitchenette and Bakugou is more than grateful for the well-timed distraction, ready to flee and yell at the clumsy pink-haired woman wreaking havoc on his goddamn table, covered in unnecessary amounts of flour. At least he won‘t be held responsible for any murders today. Possibly. Katsuki goes about his routine, puts frosting on blueberry muffins and tries to make them perfect, even though he's mentally cursing the ‘stupid undeserving Ice Queen’ who, alternatively, goes by the name Todoroki Shouto – Bakugou didn’t look him up on social media, nope, no sire, he’s just a normal man in his mid-twenties with a working television and an access to the internet along with its endless articles featuring Todoroki ‘Endeavor’ Enji and his stupid flawless son. The dude is undeserving of Bakugou’s poor little gay heart that is currently hiding away under the carefully-crafted façade of anger and other ungodly repressed emotions that the ash-blond displays on daily basis. Only Jirou’s keen eyes can see right through it.Heck, Bakugou is certain that Todoroki doesn’t even know who the fuck he is, despite the fact that Bakugou goes out of his way every damn morning just to make the college burnout his favorite sweets. On the house, of course.No one's caught him yet, so that’s good.Todoroki looks up, smiles, and Bakugou always feels proud when he catches everyone staring at them with envy-filled eyes. Mina puffs out her cheeks at him and Uraraka always calls him out on playing dirty.Sadly, fans tend to follow the collected pretty man and stare him down while he halfheartedly types away at his laptop, one of them being Bakugou’s boss’ adoptive son that he refuses to call anything else but Deku. Whenever he’s in charge of the cash register, Katsuki always mixes up his orders out of spite, gives him the driest pastries and god forbid Deku talks back to him if he gives the boy black coffee, thick enough to be mistaken for oil.At least Deku never bitches about Bakugou’s blatant dislike to his dad.If he'll ever change his mind, Bakugou’s pretty sure that some gruesome murder articles are going to overtake Japan's mass media.So here he is, fuming over stupid Deku making doe-eyes at Todoroki - who is supposed to be Bakugou’s target, god damn it - from three tables away and hiding his flushed face behind a pretentious menu. It’s disgusting to watch, and Jirou often points out that Bakugou only dislikes Deku because of the goo goo-eyed stares that the short brat shoots at Katsuki's potential future boyfriend - and maybe husband, who knows, Bakugou always aims big.Then, of course, The Red-haired Menace strolls in, this time wearing a tank top that shows off his guns quite well. Bakugou doesn’t stare (kinda, sorta), has learned to deal with him.For the past two weeks, that guy's been visiting their café without fail at 8:47 am (they fixed the dumb cat clock, fuckin' finally) sharp with ten orders of lattes and croissants. On Fridays – doughnuts. For a delivery boy, Bakugou can admire him; the guy is chipper, doesn’t mind being kicked around by whatever higher-ups he has, strikes up conversations with the girls and has insane balance. Bakugou would never say it out loud, but he still finds himself admiring the fact that the guy can somehow balance a bag of croissants on his spiky mane. Probably due to some weirdass hair gel that turns his red strands to stone spikes.He also desperately attempts to hog Bakugou’s attention to himself with his unbearably loud voice and bullshit stories, and his shoulders always obscure Todoroki no matter how shamelessly Bakugou tries to shove him slightly to the side so that he can eye his target a bit better. Hair-for-Brains always rearranges himself so that he’s back in the blond’s face yet again.This time he has an earbud stuffed into his left ear and he's humming something. Bakugou stands there, unimpressed. He has to glare Deku away - who keeps moving a seat closer to Todoroki with every passing day. He cannot let that guy win.“My anaconda don’t want none unless you got buns, hun," the weirdo does some weirdo-appropriate shoulder shimmy, fingerguns Bakugou in the chest and winks.He feels his eyebrow twitch. “You done yet.” It’s more of a promise of endless pain rather than a question.“Sure am, Bakugou," he laughs and Bakugou rolls his eyes in a way that he hopes conveys his infinite annoyance. It’s not enough of an appropriate reaction because the menace leans in dangerously close, flutters long russet eyelashes at him. Gross. Bakugou can see a small scar located on the eyelid of his right eye. “I gotta say that your buns are out of this world, man.”On that day, Todoroki finally looks up at Bakugou Katsuki for the first time ever - which doesn’t involve thanking for the sweets that he’s never ordered, of course. He blinks in confusion at the scene unfolding before him. Bakugou yells out a war cry and hops over the counter to lunge at a redhead whose laughter is louder than the ashen-blond’s high-pitched screeches. It keeps happening. Every goddamn morning that red-haired man steps into the café as though he owns the place, like he belongs there, and causes a mess in Bakugou’s mind-numbingly boring, organized life. He can’t have that. Bakugou has a well-scheduled routine; needs his daily sass-offs with Jirou and staredowns with a wall, hoping it would crumble under his gaze. He can’t just up and leave his workplace whenever - he has money to earn and that guy messes it all up. Bakugou can no longer waste his mornings away in peace while nursing a cup of gross coffee and grumbling about his own raccoon eyes.No, now it’s all about that asshole with his shitty stupid orders, and lately, god help him, bread puns.Katsuki gets swept away by the mind-blowing amount of ‘I loaf this song’ and the like, but none of them thankfully involve his, uh, assets, and so one day Katsuki makes the fatal mistake of humoring that menace,“Your bread jokes are kind of crumby, they’re getting pretty fucking stale.The look that flashes through those red eyes almost makes Katsuki gasp in horror of what he’s done. He’s brought a plague upon them all and Jirou’s jaw drops lower at the sight. Katsuki’s playing along, he’s.
He’s getting swept away by that asshole’s pace.
“I knew it!” he yells, victorious, and Katsuki really really wants to dig a hole through the tiled floor and hide there for the rest of eternity. He’s not needed here anymore. “You were actually listening to my puns!”“They were pretty fucking horrible, by the way, but if it gets you to fucking shut up, then goddamn, I’m a bloody genius.” Bakugou hopes that his voice doesn’t crack and aims a blackened cookie at the guy’s stupid smiling mug. He doesn’t even flinch, catches it mid-air. “Dear god, just leave me the fuck alone already.”“But you look like you could use some happiness in your life!” Hair-for-Brains yells it out so earnestly that Katsuki wants to punch him right between his big, sparkling eyes. Fuck him, fuck fuck fuck-“The only thing I fucking need is for you to fucking get out and never bother speaking to me again. So by all means,” he grabs the tray of lattes that Jirou has prepared and pushes it against the dude’s chest. “Out. Now.”“Alright, alright, I have to go either way!” Hair-for-Brains balances the stupid tray, this time the bag of cupcakes secure in a beat-down backpack. “I’ll see you in the evening, Katsuki?”Bakugou chokes.Jirou considers calling ambulance, firefighters and police simultaneously. “Not that I ain’t happy for ya-“ Jirou says and ties the apron around her waist. “But like, have you ever considered that he could be married? I mean, he does look married, with eight sniveling kids to boot, too," she picks up another box to carry to the kitchen. Their ‘Guess the career’ game hasn’t worked out very well, but this is just ridiculous. Bakugou has, however, noticed the ring on the menace’s finger on the first day, so maybe this isn’t too far-fetched.Yet they both know the real deal here. “Don‘t let that get you down, however,“ she continues, and fuck, she ought to stop reading his mind. “You’d make a pretty damn great homewrecker.”Katsuki considers arson. “Oh sure, a literal one. Expect me in your fucking house today, you punk bitch. It’s gonna be wrecked.”“Wonderful. Girls’ night out. Pick a movie or we’re making you watch ‘Mean Girls’ with us again.”“I’m not going to your dumb after-gig party. It’s fucking gay.”“So are you. Join the gay side, Bakugou. You know you wanna.”“Fuck off.”“Running out of creative insults, I see. Alright, Big Straight, I’m clocking out for the evening.”Bakugou’s vice-like grip on her wrist is strong enough for her to almost feel pity. Almost.She doesn’t say anything but stays behind just to make sure that nothing goes up in flames when Kirishima steps into the café, a messenger bag slung over a shoulder and messy hair tied back. He smiles warmly at Bakugou, takes a seat further away and spreads out his papers in front of him.Katsuki bites his lower lip, goes about his routine of cleaning up and eventually closing the café, secretly tries to figure out what is it exactly that the other does in his life. Shitty Hair is always bringing paperwork and a vague resemblance to a sense of fashion every evening when their customers begin clearing out. He looks their age, looks younger than Bakugou feels - a college dropout with an overloaded schedule and not enough sleep. He doesn’t sleep well after his conversation with Jirou. Or the night after that. Or the one after. The ceiling of his tiny flat is suddenly far too interesting to even consider the idea of rest and running around the neighborhood at 4 am is strangely refreshing. He has a run in with some drunken assholes on the fourth night but knocks one of them out and continues his task like nothing happened.The red-haired menace plagues his mind and Katsuki thinks that maybe he has some intense illness because his guts churn and twist whenever he remembers glimpses of that dude, the way his torso shifts on that chair, the way the skin of his knees peeks through the tears in faded jeans, the way he shuts up for once and focuses on work.Hair-for-Brains from the mornings is nothing like the one that appears in late evenings, they’re completely different sides of the same coin and Bakugou finds it somewhat peaceful, sees glimpses of the same person in different situations.He hates him to the very core of his being - how weird he is, how he can’t seem to figure him out. Hates the fact that he can’t remember his damn name, hates the fact that he's lost focus on his work, on Todoroki, on Deku - who now shares a table with Katsuki’s day-dream, and they exchange disgusting glances over their laptops.Katsuki loses sleep, loses motor skills, loses sanity, curses himself out on the sixth day and shows up for work far too early, too angry at the world around him, and when he begrudgingly thinks ‘damn, maybe he’d be a good replacement for Ice Queen’ he yells out his frustration and the fucking oven catches fire.And it’s nothing like what Katsuki’s ever faced before.He tries to put it out, he’s no idiot and a bit of a pyromaniac himself, knows how not to panic, how to deal with this properly. He thinks that he has this covered, but the smoke that fills the kitchen obviously disagrees with his best efforts and the shrill alarm goes off, makes him curse, trip over a fucking stool and almost knock himself out.He does not, in fact, got this.He only curses the fact that if the place burns down he’ll become jobless, doesn’t fear for his life or whatever - it’s not like it means all that much - almost closes his eyes and coughs at the smell. It’s goddamn horrible, nothing like what Ashido has caused before.And he curses some more when he gets dragged out of the burning kitchenette and when the paramedics are checking him for injuries, bandaging his head - that fucking asshole is there, a concerned frown etched on his features.Oh. Oh, so that’s where he works.Oddly fitting.“I didn’t need your fucking help,” Bakugou slurs defiantly, feels himself pulled under by the smoke inhalation and the sleep deprivation.The guy doesn’t laugh, doesn’t joke around. It’s weird. He’s weird. “You could’ve burned to death! How can you even say that!? It’s my job to rescue people like you, you know.”Like you. The redhead’s eyes are burning hotter than the flames of the burning kitchen. Bakugou feels strangely small.“What-fucking-ever,” he wants to stand up, but he’s too dizzy and the guy attempts to stabilize him with a hand on his chest when he lurches forward. Bakugou swats it away. He’s not fucking weak. “Don’t bother yourself with me; it’s fucking pathetic and goddamn annoying.”He looks like he’s about to argue, eyebrows knit together, but then someone calls out ‘Kirishima’ and with one last wary look and a shout of ‘coming!’, he’s off. Bakugou closes his eyes and exhales.‘Kirishima.’ - Uraraka fuses over him a whole uncharacteristic lot considering that they aren’t on the best of terms and Jirou looks vaguely amused by how he’s managed to fuck up this bad. His boss’ rushes in the moment he hears about the incident, not one bit caring about the damages but Bakugou’s safety instead.Katsuki has to deal with far too many hands trying to pat him down for one day and so he sleeps away, glad that this stupid fuckup didn’t burn down the entire café. Only one wall got a bit charred and with some repairs, work would start soon.They keep him at the hospital until late evening and when he opens his eyes again, he sees a croissant placed on the bedside table with a folded note that says ‘hope you’ll get better soon’. Katsuki only sneers, rips the paper to pieces and munches on the stale bread. It’s bad.He doesn’t need Kirishima’s pity and firmly refuses to be driven back home, deciding to walk instead. He can’t run yet. Kirishima’s name prickles under his skin and soon enough the girls learn how to keep it down with that guy, especially when Katsuki loses his shit one times too many. Fires happen more often now, but none of them of that particular severity. He’s missed this, this pyromania, but he has to control his temper. It’s slipping away along with all those hours that he had spent with countless therapists at anger management classes and other counselling groups. It’s enough for the blond to hear ‘firefighter, huh?’ to set him off.Their routine goes back to the usual dragged out boredom because Kirishima avoids this café like the plague and Bakugou wants him to return only so that he can kick him in the face and shove him outside himself. Who the fuck does he think he is? Doing this shit? Really? Is he fucking offended? If anyone should be offended here, it’s Bakugou.Ashido learns how to fuck up less now that their main patisserie has completely lost his shit, but she’s still a fucking gremlin that pisses him off whenever she fans over Todoroki - who is now, Bakugou’s damn sure, dating that loser Deku, and therefore no longer looks cool in his eyes. He’s surprised to find out that he isn’t even salty about this loss. They look like two dumbasses who deserve each other and it’s pretty entertaining to watch all those people around them go green with jealousy. Plus, Bakugou no longer has to make those cupcakes to impress the Halfy with his epic sweet-making skills, even though he still gets an urge to do so every now and then.Ashido’s sense of self-awareness is likely the size of a peanut because she still pisses him off about Kirishima, but then again, she pisses him off about a lot of things like shopping, fashion, movies, gossip, girly shit - the kind of girly shit that he’s uncomfortable with and it’s like she forgets on purpose, and-Now this.He cannot fucking believe this. Sure, he’s dealt with a fair share of weird topics, overheard nasty things discussed among his colleagues with no regard towards him, but this takes the fucking cake.Ashido bails on him when she hears Uraraka calling for her from the counter, and Bakugou digs through his crap to find a spare apron that isn’t completely covered in flour when his eyes land on a fucking tampon. Right there. In his face. On his fucking table.
Who the fuck—
He stares at the piece of cotton like it’s an UFO that’s colonized his god fucking damn table and feels his cheeks flush with embarrassment and rage.He cannot fucking believe this shit. He has to deal with a lot, but this is where he draws the line. Bakugou has to put a stop to this once and for all.So, like any other normal human being and a distressed guy with a piece of that thing held loosely between his fingertips, he barges outside and lets his mouth run loose in an assortment of choice words that he usually only saves for shitty days like these.“Alright, I had fucking enough of this fucking crap, who the fuck is shamelessly leaving their gross shit around, I swear to fucking god if I see one more goddamn, goddamn tamp—“Ashido and Uraraka freeze and stare at him in horror - Ashido mostly in amusement, that fucking assnugget - when there’s a flurry of red in Bakugou’s field of vision and he’s really really disoriented, especially when he notices what seems to be Deku curled up on the floor, holding his face. Some other customers stare at him with concern painted on their faces and Todoroki looks nothing like the chill cool guy that Bakugou’s used to. Papers scatter around, blood paints the floor and Bakugou blinks when he realizes that the blurry red flash is goddamn Kirishima.“Good timing,” the guy almost rams himself into Bakugou, thank god there’s a counter between them, and rips the tampon from his hand.As though in some bizarre dream, Bakugou stares, mouth gaping, as Kirishima unceremoniously peels away the plastic wrap from that thing and then shoves it up Deku’s nose, looking awfully pleased with himself.“Well, it won’t bleed now!” he justifies, puffs out his chest. Deku stares at his quivering palms, Todoroki blanches, and Bakugou.Oh my god.He dies laughing.“Oh my fucking— holy shit pfffffhahahahaha!” Tears gather in the corners of his eyes when he sees Deku look around in confusion as if he’s hit his head too hard, and the string hanging from his reddened nostril sways to the sides.Bakugou doesn’t remember the last time he’s laughed so hard and he doubles over, clutching his stomach.Ashido joins in almost immediately and it takes at least good five minutes for them to calm down. Deku attempts to take it out but Todoroki swats his hand away, ashamed by having to do so. It’s probably a good way to stop that blood flow— pffffff.Bakugou wipes at his eyes and looks up, only to find Kirishima staring at him, a dumbstruck expression twisting his face. He almost wants to ask ‘what’, but then he realizes that this is probably the first time the other’s seen him express any sort of glee.Katsuki almost feels exposed and tries to furrow his eyebrows again, but it’s painfully hard when his heart is jackhammering against his throat and the urge to laugh remains.Kirishima speaks up, then. “Not to ruin this, but why did you even have a tampon on you? It kinda explains so much.”Katsuki punches him in the solar plexus. Hard. - Jirou emerges from the bathroom, asks about tampons and promptly starts cackling when she sees one hanging from Midoriya’s nose.Bakugou can’t be mad for that. They’re sort of back to normal after that incident.Kirishima no longer shows up in the mornings – my shift hours have changed, dude, sorry! I’ll always be here in the evening - and somehow their… weird sense of companionship has changed. It no longer feels that strained and Bakugou actually talks back to him sometimes, when he’s not busy multitasking. Uraraka has to leave for at least a month to take care of her sick mother so Bakugou is the one tearing himself apart, manning the register half the time and baking shit the other, being the only full-time worker at Mighty’s. He’s always there to open the café and to lock up in the evening, always the one chasing Kirishima out.Half the time, the guy isn’t even working on what seem to be school papers, rather he just curls up on the table and naps. Honestly, it enrages Bakugou, being a perfectionist and all.So when Kirishima is busy napping away on a Friday afternoon, Bakugou creeps closer to his table to collect a half-finished cup of tea and takes a look at the papers, slightly shocked to find them familiar.
Economics, huh.
He reads the tasks, squints at the scrawled out, messy answers, and frowns, stilling his action. He kicks the table, the vibration sending Kirishima into semi-awareness as he startles and mumbles something close to ‘wha’’s burnin’’.“Wake up, you fucking dumbass,” Bakugou hollers, just because he can and there are no others to scowl at his tone and choice of words. He tugs on the small ponytail, eliciting a pained gasp, tries not to think about the surprisingly smooth strands. “I said wake the fuck up, god damn it.”“I’m awakeeeee,“ Kirishima yawns and Bakugou’s eye twitches. The guy stretches lazily and pops his neck. “Is it time to go?”“Yes it is, but your fucking dumb ass will be returning here every goddamn afternoon, coz you’re so fucking stupid that I’m completely flabbergasted.” Bakugou points at the nearest paper and taps the formulas. “I’m not fucking sure what you’re trying to achieve here, but all of this shit is fucking wrong. All of it.”Kirishima looks slightly more awake at that as he grabs five papers and scans them over. “What? No way, dude? I spent like four days on these, you can’t just outright tell me that they’re wrong!” he looks near tears, desperate, and Bakugou rolls his eyes.“I know my shit, okay? Econ was my fucking drive. So you better fucking redo this unless you wanna get a bad grade or something.” He feels weird just saying this out-loud, it sounds too much like he cares, except that he doesn’t. He’s simply outraged by dumb people occupying colleges, yeah, that must be it.Kirishima slumps on the table, his biceps tense, Bakugou’s mouth goes unbearably dry, and-And somehow he finds himself staying behind every goddamn day after his shift to help Kirishima fill in the graphs properly. Jirou says something about a gig and Katsuki takes a sip of his gross coffee, bemused.“I’d rather cut off my nuts than spend more time than necessary with you fuckers.”She flicks him the bird. That night his phone lights up with an unfamiliar number. Frowning, he fumbles with the lockscreen and asks who the fuck in their right mind is calling him at 1:10 am, and that no, he doesn’t care if his ‘son is in the hospital and that he needs to tell them his bank account’s number asap’.“Hey, uh, it’s me.”Katsuki sits up so fast he almost gets whiplash.“Who gave you my goddamn number?”Kirishima’s quiet and Katsuki continues fuming. “No, wait, let me fucking guess. It was that punk bitch, right? Always fucking meddling. What did you promise her in return, your fucking unborn babies?” an unsaid ‘that is, if you don’t have like eight children already’ hangs unspoken in the air between them, or so Bakugou visualizes.There’s some one-sided talking about setting up a date that involves some Yao-something chick and Bakugou wants to snap Jirou's traitorous little lesbian neck in half when Kirishima goes silent and it gets followed by a deep breath. He’s blabbering and Katsuki can’t make out a single word that he’s saying.“Speak fucking slower and in human language or I’m hanging up right now.” If it were him two months ago, he would’ve done it already but times change, Bakugou thinks, as he waits sorta patiently for the Menace to speak.“Wouldyouliketogowithmetothespringfestit’sokifyoudon’twanna?”“I. What?” Bakugou feels his sickness returning. His stomach does a funny flip. He punches himself in the abdomen and holds in a painful breath - now it hurts worse, and the feeling doesn’t go away.“I said-““I heard what you fucking said, asshole, I’m not fucking deaf,” Bakugou grouches and really, he should hang up.“Uh… you didn’t say anything back yet, though.”He can’t come up with any retort. His brain is drawing complete blanks. If he says yes – fuck, he’s gonna sound like a desperate nancy, and if he says no, the idiot might cry and keep bitching, and of course Bakugou decides to hang up immediately, by reflex.Kirishima doesn’t attempt to call him again so Bakugou decides to text him three hours later.
ILL GO TO YOUR GAY HIPPIE FEST IF YOURE PAYING. FOR EVERYTHING.
He doesn’t expect the reply to be an immediate:
Yay!!!!!!!!! :))))
 Next morning, Jirou ignores his raccoon eyes and glares, presenting him her pocket knife. A bad decision on her behalf, but her gaze is mischievous.“What the fuck is this?” Bakugou bristles and sets the coffee cup down. It’s incredibly angsty and edgy, with silver bats carved into it. Very Jirou, indeed.“Time to cut off your nuts, Bakugou, because you’re going to my fucking gig.”It’s definitely a mistake to give him a knife. He feels cheated and tricked. Tag-teamed by fucking Kirishima and Jirou.You’ve sank so low, Bakugou Katsuki, he thinks, as he tries to find some breathing space inside the cramped bar. He can’t feel his legs and he's certain that he’s finally reached the ultimate level of dumb after being subjected to the intense exposure to Jirou’s bandmates, especially Kaminari. The Pikachu fucker always gets on his nerves in all the wrong ways, especially now that he and Kirishima have become besties in the span of three minutes.It’s annoying to say the least and they talk far too much, so Bakugou stands further away with that Yao-something chick who looks completely out of place with her expensive white dress, now covered in grass stains and mud patches. She has flowers in her hair and Jirou swoons, lets Kaminari hold her up. Well, the chick’s quiet and doesn’t initiate conversation, so Bakugou’s grateful for that.He gets his feet stomped on by the gay hippie ravers and squashed against Kirishima’s solid chest far too many times to be comfortable or accidental, but that last part he strangely doesn’t mind, even if he does try to keep a respective distance between them.Kirishima’s a total hippie, Bakugou concludes, now that he sees the other in his element, dressed in an embarrassing tie-died shirt, ugly jean shorts, and wearing more bracelets on his arms than Bakugou can count. He also wears a flower crown that was proudly made by Jirou's quiet date, and Bakugou tries to pretend that he doesn’t know the guy even though Kirishima has an arm slung around Bakugou’s stiff shoulders at all times.They somehow make their way through the day without much of an incident, and admittedly Bakugou’s feeling pretty refreshed after the whole mass-water fight - he was more than happy to pour at least a bucket’s worth of water on his escort? Date?Well, that’s what Kirishima gets for trying to make Bakugou jump around during the concerts.Jirou’s band gets the basement for their gig and the amount of people stuffed into that cramped space is insane. Bakugou hisses at strangers brushing along his naked arms and presses himself more firmly into Kirishima’s side. He cannot believe that he has to sit through Jirou’s gigs. He’s been doing so well avoiding them that now it feels like he’s lost some intense battle of moral and wits.He hates losing.Yet the band doesn’t suck too bad and apparently Jirou and Kaminari are the perfect duet when it comes to singing. Bakugou can certainly appreciate their genre of music, having played similar shit in high school himself, except he used to get too pissed off to continue whenever he fucked up which eventually led to him dropping the bass, quite literally . He kind of misses it, kind of wants Kirishima’s sparkly eyes focused on him instead of dumbass Kaminari, wants to be the one to receive those whispered ‘soooo cool’s.Eventually, even the quiet chick that Jirou’s been pining over loosens up, joins in with Kirishima and the rest of the masses that are stomping around like a horde of dumb bulls, and Bakugou almost feels out of place, like he doesn’t belong, but there’s a warm grasp on his left wrist that has one of Kirishima’s stupid hippie bracelets hanging off of it - a gift that Katsuki won’t take off because he secretly likes it, likes the leather strings and the detailed bronze charm with a lion on it - and somehow it keeps him grounded. Somehow it’s fine like this.For the rest of the night, Kirishima doesn’t make a move on him, doesn’t attempt to kiss him or to force this fragile thing to bloom too soon, but that’s good, Bakugou thinks, as he finds himself sitting on Kirishima’s broad shoulders a moment later. He feels like he’s on top of the world, the music thrums through his body and he can finally loosen up. Bakugou allows himself the embarrassment of pumping one fist into the air, following the quick beat, and sees Jirou stifle a laugh into her mic.They’ll go at their own pace.The sun is rising when Bakugou complains about his aching legs and Kirishima becomes his ride home, gives him a piggy back without any complains, without any words exchanged between them, and Bakugou doesn’t think twice before offering Kirishima to stay the night in his flat, lets him crash into his boring life.That afternoon, Bakugou wakes up to a solid weight around his torso and realizes that he is more than ready to accept this kind of havoc.The electronic bell on the door lets out its dying frog sound—Derek had assumed that it was running low on batteries when he first started working at the shop, but two months on and it still makes that sound.  He looks up, blinks twice, and sidles sideways toward the register.  He's the only one out front now that the first rush has passed, and the guy who just came in looks like he escaped from some mental ward.His hair is sticking out all over the place on one side and flattened to his skull in a haphazard sort of cowlick on the other.  His face has a long crease mark in one cheek that cuts perfectly between two moles like it was done on purpose.  His lips are pale, blanched of color, chapped.  But it's his eyes that are truly disturbing.They're a golden brown color that almost glows in the warm light of the coffee shop, but they're rolling in their sockets as the man stumbles to the counter.  The whites of his eyes are so red, Derek finds himself blinking in sympathy.  His eyelashes are glued together in clumps from morning eye crust, and even his eyebrows are sticking up all over the place.Derek can only stare in horrified fascination because it's like someone drew a caricature of Monday mornings and this person sprang off the canvas in full, technicolor life.  The man's hands are curled in against his chest and as his eyes finally focus on Derek—and Derek can literally see his eyes focusing—he lets out a choked sob and uncurls them.  Crumpled bills spill onto the counter.Hesitant, not wanting to spook the man into some kind of crazed murdering spree, Derek makes his voice as soothing as possible and says, "Would you like a coffee?"Actual tears form in those eyes, and the man's lips tremble before he dips his head in a nod.  "Big," he says, so beseeching that it makes Derek stumble back a step.  His voice sounds like the aural equivalent of crunching gravel and fingernails on a chalkboard.  "With the...the...wshhhhh."Derek nods slowly.  "You want a latté?"The man slumps against the counter with another choked sob, flattening his body down until his cheek is smushed against the display of stale, prepackaged cookies no one ever buys.  Deciding not to press his luck, Derek sets about making a very basic latté.  Then, side-eying the man who appears to have fallen asleep half-standing, he adds another shot of espresso.When it's done, he gently shakes the man by the shoulder, helps him wrap his hand around the cup, and watches, fascinated all over again, as the man brings the cup to his lips with a trembling hand.  The gulp he takes makes Derek wince for the tastebuds he likely just burnt off his tongue, but then he looks at Derek and......Derek was a soldier during wartime, okay?  He's seen little kids look at him in awe and old, grandmotherly types have, more than once, stopped him in the airport or on the street just to kiss his cheek with tears in their eyes.  He knows what it's like to have someone look at you like you're a hero.This guy?He's looking at Derek like he's the second coming of Jesus.Flushing, Derek turns away to wipe down the machines again, just to give his hands something to do.  He hears the door bell croak and turns to see the man half-caught in the barely opened door before he falls out of it, ripping the pocket off his sweats in the process.It's the most surreal encounter of Derek's life.  ----After that, the guy comes in every morning, and their routine no longer requires words.  In fact, by Friday, Derek is finishing the latté as the guy smacks face first into the glass door.  Derek winces.If he thought the guy had been out of it before, he was mistaken.  He's barely ambulatory today.  Derek picks up the latté and hurries around the counter to grab the guy before he falls into the pastry case.  Shoring him up on one side, Derek helps him into a seat beside the window and then just lifts the cup to the guy's mouth, spilling a few drops down the guy's chin in his attempt to be helpful.  It seems to work, though.  A few swallows later and the guy seems to remember what function his hands perform.  He lifts them, wraps them around the cup like it's a priceless vase, and then does the grateful, you-are-my-savior eyes at Derek.  It's...okay, it's almost cute.  Somehow in the last week, Derek has developed a soft spot for this obviously homeless guy with massive social issues.  Shaking his head fondly, he watches for a few more minutes to make sure the guy doesn't just upend the cup of steaming liquid over his face, then goes back to work.When he checks the table later, there's a ten dollar bill wadded up in the middle of it.----Derek's in the back, about to get off shift, when the door bell goes off.  In fact, Isaac's already at the register, gearing up for the lunch rush, and Derek's half-out of his apron when the croak alerts them to the customer.Derek looks through the round window that separates the kitchen from the public area and stares.  It's...no.  Just.  No way.  That is not Obviously Homeless Guy that he told Erica about just this morning in hopes she would help him if he came in on the weekend while she's on morning shift.  It sort of looks like Obviously Homeless Guy, if you have a really good imagination and an advanced degree in photoshop.  He's got the same moles, and the same colored eyes, but this guy?  This guy is the total opposite of Obviously Homeless Guy.He's dressed in a chocolate-colored, slim-fitting, tailored suit that very likely cost more than Derek's monthly rent.  He's got on shoes that have an actual shine, his lips are flushed a healthy pink, and his hair looks like it's been professionally styled.  His eyes sparkle with life and energy and there's a goddamn bounce in his step.The guy sees Isaac and he pulls up short, head tilting in confusion before he looks around the shop, nods slowly to himself, and approaches the register.  Derek can't hear what's being said, but he pushes open the door hesitantly when Isaac turns and waves at him.The guy's entire face lights up when Derek shoulders through the door, and that's when he knows.  Yep.  This is the guy he's been pouring coffee into all week.  Because that look is the same one he gets every morning when Obviously Homele—err, whoever this guy is, tastes that first rush of caffeine."Oh my god, it's you," the guy breathes, his smile cutting grooves in his cheeks it's so wide.  "I thought for a second I'd dreamed you up or something.""Uh," Derek says, employing the exquisite conversational skills he's best known for."Oh, um, yeah.  Hi." The guy stretches his hand over the counter, bright eyes imploring Derek to reciprocate.So he does.  Because his life is surreal now, apparently."I'm Stiles," the guy says, laughter ringing through his voice even though he's not actually laughing.  Like he's just the happiest fucker on the planet to be introducing himself to Derek.Derek just holds his hand, not responding until Isaac clears his throat, loudly and pointedly.  "Oh.  Right.  I'm Derek."The guy, Stiles, squeezes his hand and then, seemingly reluctant, releases it.  "Sorry to bother you at work, I just...I needed to come by when I was lucid to find out who my angel of mercy was."Derek feels his neck heat up, and he shrugs awkwardly.  It's easier to deal with Stiles when he's stumbling around the shop, preverbal, with crumpled up money falling out of his hands.  "Just doing my job," he mutters, ducking his head.Stiles nods, shoving his hands in his pockets and still somehow looking like a male model in a GQ photo shoot.  He stares at Derek for a few seconds longer before shaking his head with a small twist of his lips and turning toward the door.  When he lifts one hand from his pockets to push it open, he stops and turns back to Derek and Isaac, who are both watching him avidly.  Isaac because he's a nosy fucker, and Derek because he still can't quite reconcile Ridiculously Attractive Stiles with Obviously Homeless Guy in his head. "Look, I..." Stiles bites his lip, then plunges on.  "I just moved here.  New to the neighborhood and all that." His hand carves through the air in an elegant gesture obviously meant to indicate the buildings around them.  "I was hoping to maybe take you to dinner?  I mean.  Well.  You've seen me at my worst, right? If that didn't scare you into moving out of state, I don't know what would.  So.  Dinner?"  When he stops speaking, his eyes go wide and pleading, like a freaking deer's or something.Since Derek's still just staring at Stiles, Isaac groans dramatically and says, "Yeah, dude.  He's totally down with dinner.  He's on early shift tonight at the Blue Rooster, but he's miraculously free tomorrow night until 9:30.  He'll meet you here at 5."Derek rolls his eyes, elbowing Isaac in the ribs.  "Yeah, sorry.  What he said.  Uh, I'm not really...a suit and tie guy."  He makes vague gestures toward what Stiles is wearing, and then shrugs apologetically.  Stiles looks down at himself, then makes a face.  "Trust me, if I didn't have to wear them to the office, I wouldn't be either.  Jeans and a t-shirt and that diner on the corner with the merengue that looks like it defies gravity?" he suggests, sounding hopeful.Shaking himself, Derek throws his apron in Isaac's face and comes around the counter so they can discuss their plans more privately.  "I think I can handle that."As he approaches, he can see Stiles' gaze crawling down his body.  He realizes it's the first time Stiles has seen him when he wasn't either wearing his apron, or hidden behind the counter.  His breath catches in his throat and he finds himself hoping, stupidly, that Stiles likes what he sees.The hint of red that tints Stiles' ears when his eyes finally meet Derek's says he does."So.  Are you doing anything right now?" Stiles asks, a slow blink fanning his lashes over his cheeks.Distracted by the sight, Derek doesn't even consider lying.  "Nope.  Just getting off work."That bright, joyful smile is back, and Stiles leans toward Derek when he asks, "Then may I buy you a cup of coffee?""Yeah," Derek says, just to watch Stiles' eyes shine with happiness.  It might be too early to even consider it, but he thinks he can put up with a lot worse than early-morning Stiles if he's also got this version to look forward to.Besides.  He got a really nice French press from Laura for Christmas.     (They use the French press.  A lot.)A new shop has opened across the street from MI6 headquarters.
James notices the shop as he’s driving into the parking lot. Of course he notices, he notices everything. He’s seen the renovation team come and go for the last couple of weeks, and has been expecting the place to open for a couple of days now. The previous store had been a pizza shop. Not that there was anything wrong with pizza, but the store served by-the-slice greasy and cold pizza at inexcusable prices, and everyone from MI6 had learned early on not to frequent the place.Bond parks his car and decides he has time to spare before meeting M. After all, it is James Bond’s job to know things, to know his surroundings and the people that he has cause to interact with. A shop that opens across the street from Britain’s intelligence office certainly warrants some inspection.The sign is simple, and James has trouble deciding if it’s elegant or tacky. It’s a simple square sign that hangs on top of the door, the background is white, and on the forefront in black is the design Q subscript 10, in the style of a scrabble tile. There are no signals that it is the grand opening of the shop, no indications of celebration of store-opening, no “Hiring” sign that usually comes with a new storefront, there are actually no signs that the store is recently renovated, for everything seems to be perfectly pristine and in place. (So far as James can tell from glancing through the window)He pushes open the door, there is no bell jingle to accompany his entrance, and James wonders if the owner, who has obviously meticulously decorated the place, has forgotten to hang a bell on top of the door.“Hello, how can I help you?” If the soft voice and the somewhat posh accent surprise James, he does not let it show.“In a number of ways, I’m sure.” James replies, allowing a hint of honey to his voice.“Coffee perhaps?” The young man behind the counter either does not hear the innuendo, or chooses to not acknowledge it at all. “I’m guessing dark roast, black.”“And something to eat if you have it.” Bond nods, and perhaps a little belatedly realizes that he is in fact standing inside a café. He had been distracted by the man with his incredibly messy hair and lanky frame and atrocious cardigan. The thought hits him like a train at that moment, that if somebody had wanted to kill him a moment ago, when his attention was completely focused on the man behind the counter, they could have easily done so.A chill passes James then, a sense of uneasiness that he has not felt since first meeting Vesper. It comes with a knowledge that the person will somehow be influential in his life, somehow extremely dangerous for him, yet the feeling that he could not quite step away.The boy (James refuses to think of him as a man, he is far too young) has disappeared into what James can only assume to be the back kitchen, he can vaguely hear the sounds of things being shuffled. There’s a steaming mug left next to the register, a white porcelain mug that has the same sign as the one outside for the store. James walks closer and the familiar smell of Earl Grey assaults his nose.“Blueberry oat bran muffin, black coffee.” The boy comes back with a wax-paper bag and a cup of coffee. The cup is white, has no design on it whatsoever, the paper bag has the same scrabble symbol as the one on the store’s sign.“You’re in a coffee shop yet you don’t drink coffee.” James states and gives the mug a pointed look.“I prefer tea.” The boy states, “and this is a café.”“Yes of course.” James curbs the urge to roll his eyes as he reaches for his wallet. “Where’s the owner, opening day is a big day, no?”“I am the owner.” If the slight bothers the boy, it does not show on his face, and James briefly wonders if he is simply very good at hiding his expressions. The boy proceeds to wave dismissively towards James’s wallet, “You’re my first customer, it’s on the house.”“Not a very good business model if you’re planning on giving everything away.” James can’t help but quip as he reaches for the muffin and coffee, letting his fingers brush against the boy’s long, elegant ones (James will concede that the boy’s fingers are elegant, even if he has decided that the store sign is not).“Only because you’re my first.” The boy gives an infuriating smirk that James instantly decides he would like to see more. There is no blush that accompanies those words, yet the glint in the boy’s eyes shows clearly that he knew exactly what he was saying.“In that case, the name’s Bond, James Bond.” James takes a sip of his coffee casually and decides that he will indeed be coming back to the shop. The coffee is exponentially better than the brew from MI6’s break room. The coffee is nearly orgasmic. “And I think I deserve to know yours.”“I hardly think that’s necessary, Mr. Bond, I’m sure your office has a file on me already.” The boy gives another little smirk, like he knows something that Bond doesn’t. “Good day, Mr. Bond.”James nods once before turning to walk out of the café (there’s no better word for what the shop is), but turns back once he’s reached the door. The boy is still standing at the counter looking at James.“Good day, Q.” James smirks at the slight widening of the boy’s eyes, and pushes the door to leave the café.He finishes the coffee much too quickly, but gives the muffin to Moneypenny as a sign of goodwill when she berates him for not filling out the proper paperwork for his last mission. She stops as soon as she bites into the muffin though, and declares it the best one she’s ever had, and then dismisses James summarily with a wave of her hand.It’s not like James Bond needs to add any more things on the list of reasons of why he will visit Q again (James is certain the café is named Q and not Q10 or Q’s coffee. Just Q, much like the name James has assigned the boy behind the counter), but he must concede that getting Moneypenny off his back will be a good thing.Whether it’s a sunny and chilly morning, whether there’s snow or rain, the same boy with raven hair, an earring and an endearing bunny smile comes in, with his hands in the pockets of his jeans, pants, jacket or shorts, comes to the counter and looks seductively at the barista, ordering black coffee and a pastry for breakfast.The barista smiles, shies away or if he’s feeling brave, flirts back and puts in the combo an extra chocolate bar or the best chocolate muffin he has at the moment. Sometimes they exchange a few words, sometimes they don’t. If it’s busy, they usually don’t. But if it’s not, the boy dares to speak and make even barista’s friends blush.“Aw, the boy’s not here today,” Jimin coos at Taehyung’s down face and Taehyung makes a grimace with his tongue out at him.“He’s sick. It rained yesterday and he didn’t bring an umbrella. He’s so stupid,” Taehyung says with stupid smile on his face. He opens the cash register to see if he has enough change, as a woman enters. He’s always had the policy for the bakery-slash-coffee shop he owns to smell of coffee and pastry, to smell like home, to be warm and has that décor and atmosphere. That’s probably why his business did good.Jeongguk says it’s because he has a heart that reeks of home. Taehyung smiles at that. Jeongguk was never really poetic.“Well, a little flirting never hurt nobody, am I right?” Seokjin pats Taehyung’s back and smiles at the lady, proceeding to offer her help with her choice. He praises Taehyung’s recipe by the way and Taehyung just smiles at the back, shoving a plastic spoon into his breakfast, hoping that Jeongguk is okay. His cold is so bad; he had to call in sick.   “The boy is ba~ck,” Jimin teases and leaves the spot, winking at Taehyung to take the spot and serve the boy.“Black, and anything tasty and nutritious,” the boy says, smiling at Taehyung and looking him in the eye, knowingly. Taehyung winks and turns to Jimin, but he’s already making the coffee.“So… can I recommend?” Taehyung asks, pushing the bangs out his eyes and twitching an eyebrow. The boy tilts his head and shrugs.“I trust the master.”Taehyung chokes for a moment, blushing at the thought of last night and covers it with a cough and a fist over his mouth. “How about this? There’s a lot of chocolate in there.”“Well, is it nutritious?” The boy insists, pretending not to see Jimin and Seokjin trying to eavesdrop and like he doesn’t see Namjoon’s head poking out the back.“You don’t need anything nutritious,” Taehyung says, already putting the pastry in a paper bag. “You seem like you got a lot of loving nursing over the weekend.”“I did,” the boy smiles and Taehyung turns around to take the cup from Jimin.“Have a good day at work.”“Now I sure will,” he says and leaves money on the counter, turning around to look at Taehyung once more before exiting and taking his way out.“Tae?” Jimin asks, looking after the boy, as both Taehyung and Seokjin are, just standing there in awe.“Hm?”“That husband of yours better be damn hot if you’re missing out on this.”“Come on,” Taehyung pushes him playfully. “Get back to work.”   “Isn't it considered cheating?” Namjoon asks barely over the chewing of the new pie Taehyung shared the recipe for.“Shut the fuck up, Socrates,” Seokjin spits. “No one asked you. If a hot as fuck boy is fliting with the boss, the boss will flirt the fuck back.”“Thank you,” Taehyung says.“I’d call it cheating,” Namjoon says. “It’s not okay. You are eye fucking him every single morning and I'm pretty sure the hot guy doesn’t come here just because the coffee is mediocre.”Jimin shoves his shoulder a little too hard. “The coffee I make is not mediocre.”“Neither are my muffins,” Taehyung pouts quietly.“Now that I think about it,” Seokjin sighs, “Maybe it is not particularly fair for your husband not to know.”“He knows,” Taehyung says and looks guilty, while everyone shares interested looks. “He- he’s okay with it. I mean, it’s not like I'm doing anything. He’s a customer, that’s all.” He looks up at the clock and taps Namjoon’s knee for him to hurry up with his meal. “We’re opening, go unlock.”As predicted, the boy comes in, an autumn coat on him, beanie on, slight sight of eye bags but a huge smile as soon as he spots Taehyung there. Seokjin pretends not to hear Taehyung when he tells him to go to the counter and suddenly finds those rolls in the oven more interesting as if he hadn’t just put them there.“Morning, beautiful,” boy leans on the counter and Taehyung lifts his eyebrow up. “The usual, thank you.”When Taehyung turns around to the coffee machine, Jimin widens his eyes and goes in the back as if to leave the two alone. He swears he can hear Namjoon whisper-yell at Jimin, “He has a husband!”Taehyung runs to the boy to give him a quick peck on the lips before any one notices. “They think I'm cheating on my husband,” he whispers and smiles at Jeongguk, who chuckles a little.“You should invite them over for dinner one time,” Jeongguk whispers, and Taehyung grabs the cup. “Write me a name on the cup, cutie,” he says loud enough for everyone to hear.“They know your name,” Taehyung mouths and Jeongguk regrets saying that aloud. He waves his hand.“Write me your name, I mean,” he says and Taehyung face palms.“It’s Taehyung,” Taehyung says writing a ‘fuck you honey’ on the cup and hands it over with a sweet smile. “You’re enjoying this a bit too much.”“I love it. Where’s my breakfast?”“Want this pizza-like pastry? I started making it last week.”“Uh, hell yeah,” Jeongguk says, feeling hungry already. He ate three of those when Taehyung made them home. Not every experimental meal is as delicious as this one was. “I’ll take three.”“Sure,” Taehyung says. “Long day at work today?”“Probably,” Jeongguk looks over Taehyung’s shoulder and he guesses someone came out the back. Probably to watch Taehyung. “So, Taehyung, huh?” Jeongguk gives him a crooked smile and Taehyung wants to roll his eyes. “See you tomorrow.”Taehyung isn’t exactly sure how it all started. He opened the bakery something over a year ago and met the other co-workers over time as they applied to job. First was Jimin, then Namjoon and lastly Seokjin. They make the atmosphere better, make the working day pass faster and they work well, both in the baking area and in the customer service area.He chose the place because he lives in the building behind the one where his little bakery is settled. He – and Jeongguk, in their cozy little apartment, just enjoying the married life together and trying to be who they’re supposed to be. They are hoping Jeongguk gets a promotion faster and doesn’t stay as a journalist’s assistant much longer. He wants to write, and Taehyung loves watching him write, hearing him talk about his passion.Therefore, when he opened the bakery, he never wanted to wake Jeongguk up – he would go two hours earlier than Jeongguk had to. Still, Jeongguk would wake up, at least to give him a kiss and then he would drop by for coffee and something sweet if he hadn’t had breakfast.He remembers when Jimin started teasing him, telling him how the hot guy looked at him, smiled, and flirted. Jeongguk was just playing a fool, telling him he looks good in blue, because it was their anniversary the night before and he insisted Taehyung wears the shirt he got him (“Just don’t bake anything and serve the customers, and voila – it won't stain!”). He had to listen. He wanted to wear it, too.He told Jeongguk later that day, and he thought it would be fun not to tell his co-workers they know each other and just shamelessly flirt. It didn’t matter to Taehyung, but it did feel good. No one ever teased them for being together, for the way they look at each other. When they left their little city they grew up in, no one missed them for sure, except Taehyung’s friend Yoongi who’d send them occasional texts and ask how they’re doing.It was big city and the two of them so small, so insignificant in it, trying to find their place and enjoying the attention, they got in the bakery-slash-coffee shop so they could laugh about it in the evening, tired and in each other’s arms.   “That scarf looks amazing on you,” Jeongguk teases and Taehyung almost slaps him in front of all the other customers. Jimin couldn’t cover his gasp behind Taehyung. “Covering something?”Taehyung could feel the twitch in his eyebrow and the need of his palms to go across Jeongguk’s face.“Hickeys,” he answers with his bitch voice and Jeongguk opens his mouth, as he had not expected that. “A lo~t of hickeys.” He dumps Jeongguk’s order in front of him and places a hand on his hip. “Anything else?”“No,” Jeongguk says defeated. Taehyung swears he could hear him murmur as he walks out, “No complaints last night,” and he wants to kill him.Still, the look on Jimin’s face is too precious to be mad at Jeongguk.“Why you angry?” Jimin asks, exasperated. “No, no, nooo, Taeboss, come on. Hot guy won't be flirting with you anymore.”“Or is he trying to make him jealous?” Seokjin cuts in, but Taehyung shakes his head.“He knows I hate it and he still did it,” Taehyung says. “I'm just- sorry.”“Who?”“My husband.”“You hate hickeys?” Seokjin makes a grimace. “Who doesn’t like hickeys?”“It looks awful and it hurts. Doesn’t matter. Just get back to work.”   “Can I take you out sometime?” Jeongguk smirks as he places the money on the counter. Taehyung puts the money in the register and presses his lips together as he shakes his head no. “Too bad. See you around.”“What.” Jimin deadpans. “He didn’t even flinch at the rejection.”“Didn’t he say the other night he has to buy some muffins for his boo?” Seokjin asks and smiles at the next customer. “Please make a latte,” he tells Jimin who goes to the coffee machine immediately. Taehyung smiles. Jeongguk acted like he had some big surprise but he just wanted to watch a drama his co-worker suggested and eat Taehyung’s muffins.“Did he really use the word boo?” Taehyung asks. He wasn’t there, but he knew when Jeongguk’s coming home considering Jimin texted him right away and then apologized if Taehyung was with ‘his own boo’ who shouldn’t see the text. Jeongguk laughed so hard and got just a little bit mad for losing the surprise effect.“Yeah, and he was all smiles. Gross.”“I ship you guys so hard,” Seokjin takes a deep, longing breath and tells the lady she doesn’t have to pay the full price if she doesn’t have enough money. He’s probably seen Taehyung do that – if people can't pay, Taehyung will give them food for free. He’d be an asshole if he didn’t do that. He even put a sign up the front. Still, not many people took advantage of that. He wished he could help more.“Do you forget he has a husband?” Jimin asks.“I don’t care about his stupid husband. Did you see what a snack The Hot Guy is?”“He is but Tae is married,” Jimin insists.“Didn’t you say the other day that Taehyung’s husband is probably ugly as fuck and you don’t realize what Taehyung sees in him even though you never met him?”Taehyung gasps offended, turning to Jimin with a hand on his hip. “Excuse you. He is very well good looking. Not like me – of course (Jimin and Seokjin nod in support) – but good looking.”“You never talk about him. How long are you guys married?” Jimin asks.“Little over four years.”“I thought you were too young to be married but you got married even younger,” Seokjin frowns. “How come? Oh, no. Don’t tell me you actually love him when you have a whole meal man you can learn to love every morning coming here?”Taehyung chuckles. “I do love him. He’s younger by two years. He was only eighteen when we got married. Fled our little town in the South two years before that.”“Wha- what!?” Jimin would scream if he didn’t lose all his voice. “You ran away from home? That young?”Taehyung nods with a smile. “We don’t regret it. He managed to finish high school in Seoul with the help of an older friend who had the means to put him through that last year without the need of his parents.”“I smell some illegal shit,” Seokjin says knowingly.“Hoseok never did anything legal in his life,” Taehyung laughs. “He left the town when he was thirteen, so he helped. I have no idea where he is now, probably in the hands of some narco boss.”Taehyung said it with such a light voice; he left Jimin and Seokjin with worried faces. Namjoon’s head popped out the back worried as well.“Oh, I mean, he’ll resurface. That’s not unusual. He can take care of himself, just as Jeongguk and I did. People of the town…” Taehyung looks down the counter and wipes it, tsking and shaking his head. “It’s not like big cities. You do not get to be different there. It might seem easy to pretend you're friends, to not hold hands or kiss in the public. People think ‘Why don’t they just hide it?’. But, that’s the thing. We don’t want to hide it. The only way we could be ourselves and not hide was to go away. And I would do it all over again.”“I think it’s beautiful,” Seokjin states and Jimin shoots him a shocked and irritated look because he just shat on Taehyung’s husband and now he's compassionate. “Maybe you should tone down the flirting. Not fair to your hubby.”“So, uhm, what does he do?” Jimin asks.“He’s an assistant of a journalist working for the daily newspaper,” Taehyung smiles. “He's doing well, he tries a lot. Works very hard.”“Oooh, I bet Tae makes him little muffins with cute little messages and his husband eats them with love and they’re so lovey dovey, I bet,” Jimin coos.“Yes, that’s what happens,” Taehyung says, an image of Jeongguk with two cupcakes in his mouth after he asked ‘How many cupcakes do you think I could it in my mouth?’ “While we’re at it,” Taehyung says, “he’d like to meet you guys. You free over the weekend for a dinner at our place?”“Sure, I'd love that,” Jimin smiles.“Totally have hoe plans, but I'm cancelling,” Seokjin nods.“Uhm… am I invited, too?” Namjoon asks shyly and Taehyung laughs, nodding. It’s going to be fun.   “Well, I was thinking, maybe over the summer we could put few tables up front,” Taehyung waves his hands, explaining it to Jeongguk. “Put over that thingy to protect from sun.”“That thingy,” Jeongguk repeats quietly and smiles, sipping his coffee and imagining what Taehyung is saying.“And we could get here like those tall chairs, along the wall and the window. Do you think it’d be too cramped?”“Not if you do it right,” Jeongguk says, nodding in approval.It’s empty and Jeongguk got there extra early, so he had some time to spare flirting with Taehyung. His employees are too sleepy to notice the all too familiar tone in their conversation.“Well, maybe if I do that, you’d spend here more time,” Taehyung says flirty, winking and wiggling his eyebrows. Jeongguk smiles from where he’s leaned on the counter.“Maybe I would. You have to go out with me before I do so.”Taehyung laughs. “Sorry, no.”“Hey, boy, what’s your name?” Jimin asks, wiping some big spoon.Jeongguk chuckles nervously. “Well, wouldn’t you like to know?”“Uh, yes, I would,” Jimin answers seriously.Jeongguk chuckles even more nervously. “You’re funny. Anyway, go out with me,” he turns his attention to Taehyung in desperate attempt not to reveal his identity. Taehyung finds it funny. He’d love to just say it, but Jeongguk is enjoying it too much.“I'm married,” Taehyung says.Jeongguk clicks his tongue, not surprised, leaning off the counter. “I always fall for the wrong ones.”As soon as Jeongguk exits, Taehyung is expecting it. “Did he just say that he fell for you?!”Jimin’s voice jerks everyone, their eyes wide open, not so sleepy anymore.“He's joking,” Taehyung says. “He didn’t mean it like that.”“I think that this just confirms he doesn’t care that you're married,” Seokjin nods knowingly. “Should we ban him from the bakery?”When Jeongguk pulls bullshit like this, Taehyung really wishes to do so. Nevertheless, he shakes his head with a smile. “No. I showed you which one is my building, just be there Sunday evening at seven. All of you.”“Can we mention The Hot Guy in front of your husband or should I try and keep my mouth shut?”Taehyung tries not to laugh too much. “Sure. I told you already. Jeongguk knows about… The Hot Guy.” And takes too much pride in being called that, but Taehyung keeps quiet about that.   Taehyung is nervous and annoyed, because it’s Sunday and Jeongguk isn't supposed to work, but for some reason he had to go back to work and he’s stuck with making the dinner alone, setting up the table, cleaning up a little and sending angry text messages to Jeongguk who probably is too busy to even see them.He was supposed to be here, to help Taehyung, and not give Taehyung’s friends and employees a chance to see the photos on the walls. So Taehyung flips over few photos on the shelves and hopes for the best – that no one will notice the ones on the walls.There’s ringing and he lets the boys up. They’re late by ten minutes, but Jeongguk is late by seven hours. He’s just going to have to tell them, so he texts Jeongguk while they climb up the stairs. The building doesn’t have an elevator, but this is an apartment Hoseok got them the last time they heard from him.They bring gifts, wine and chocolate, Namjoon brought pineapple, but Taehyung doesn’t mind, he likes it and so does Jeongguk. They comment on how cozy it feels, while Taehyung apologizes for Jeongguk being late. He’s getting a little angry, but work is work, he figures.No one seems to notice the photos – yet – and Taehyung puts the food on the table.“We can start without him. He hasn’t called me back yet, so he must be really busy.”Taehyung is a little sad since this is something that Jeongguk proposed and he wanted to open the door and give them the big reveal and finally meet them, since he loves hearing Taehyung speak of them. They’d like him, once they get past the fact that he is a total crackhead who insisted on flirting with Taehyung for months every morning even though they’re married.They all jump in their seats when the front door opens with a loud hit on the wall. “Taehyung! Tae! Tae, baby! Are you home! Oh, god, it smells amazing! Taehyung! I got promoted! I got promoted!”Taehyung jumps and runs to the hall. “Congratulations, baby!” He jumps on Jeongguk who catches him and kisses him right away. But they’ve got guests, and can't ignore that. “That why you got held up?”“Yes,” Jeongguk says and kisses him once more. “I'm sorry I couldn’t answer your texts.”“They’re here,” Taehyung whispers, but the three men in the kitchen exchange looks because they can hear them.“Have they noticed the photos?” Jeongguk whispers back, letting Taehyung stand on his own feet and takes the jacket off.“Photos?” Jimin mouths confused, searching the shelves and suddenly noticing flipped over photos.“I don’t think so,” Taehyung says. “Go wash your hands, baby.” He pats Jeongguk’s ass as he goes to the bathroom, and Taehyung goes back to the kitchen, with the biggest smile on his face. He opens the fridge and gets out a champagne. “We kept this for when he gets promoted,” Taehyung explains right away. The glasses are already on the table; empty one waiting for Jeongguk. “It’s some good shit, you’re gonna like it.”He sits back, and makes a confused look at the way they are looking at him.“Okay, what’s the catch?” Jimin asks. “You got some flipped over photos over there. Looks nice.”“Oh,” Taehyung sighs, brows furrowing in thought. “Yeah. That’s private. It’s just us, you know, so we put up a lot of stuff that’s- that’s inappropriate. I'm sorry.”Jeongguk takes a deep breath and Taehyung wants to roll his eyes at how much kick Jeongguk’s getting out of this. “Hello,” Jeongguk says and sits before any of them could notice him coming in. They all stop in their movements and Jeongguk smiles sweetly, innocently. Taehyung suppresses a laugh. “I'm Jeongguk. Nice to meet you all. Although, I guess we kind of already know each other.”“Fuck you!” Jimin shoots a pointed finger at Taehyung who loses it that instant. “And you, too,” he points at Jeongguk, too. “I was getting really worried that Taehyung was going to cheat on his husband. Really funny. All this time?”“I'm sorry,” Jeongguk laughs, covering his face. Namjoon and Seokjin are still shook. “I just found it very funny. No one’s- no one’s ever teased us, right?” He looks at Taehyung who is still laughing, but nods anyway. “And we wanted to see how long we could keep it up.”“He wanted to see,” Taehyung says. “I got tired of it after a month.”“Like fuck,” Jeongguk laughs aloud and shoves Taehyung’s shoulder. “You had a whole scenario of me asking you out and you accepting planned out.”“Don’t expose me like this.”“Can I just say something?” Namjoon asks and gets the attention to himself. “I think this is amazing. We were all rooting for you two, although we knew Taehyung was married. It’s like- it’s destiny, you know? Even from the bystander point of view, we could tell that you guys are made for each other and have noticed the love in your eyes.”Everyone is in awe for a moment, taking in what he said and thinking about it. Taehyung almost blushes, but Jeongguk does, and violently so. That is, until Seokjin takes Namjoon’s glass of wine.“How fucking much did you have to drink?”It’s a fun evening and Jeongguk seems to be getting along with everyone. They end up showing photos of themselves, their school yearbook (only one, only Jeongguk brought it) and photos with Yoongi or Hoseok they have although they’re outdated and Jeongguk and Taehyung look like fetuses there.When they leave with goodbyes and hoping Jeongguk would drop by even more often, Taehyung gets a phone call. At first Jeongguk says not to answer it, as they’re about to go to bed and celebrate Jeongguk’s promotion – not to mention it’s past one in the morning, but Taehyung still answers it.“Hello.”“Tae? It’s me.”Taehyung gasps and motions with his hand for Jeongguk to come sit next to him on the bed while he puts it on the speaker. “It’s Hobi, it’s Hobi,” he whispers. Jeongguk quickly comes close and squeezes Taehyung’s forearm in anticipation.“Hey, you my gay sons won't fucking believe this. So, me and Yoongi get together one day for a coffee and these fucking guys with guns storm in, and I'm sitting there, barbecue sauce on my titties…”In the mornings, from five to noon, Sirius slings lattes.  He bites down on his lip while he steams milk just right, froths up foam like it's fine art.  He tamps down espresso while he listens to James bitch under his breath from the other side of the cramped workspace.  The rush ends at ten, once everyone is tucked up in their offices.  It's just a shuffle of customers after that.  The bell dings every so often: mothers pushing prams, teenagers bunking off school and giggling under their breath while they check their text messages.He clocks off at noon when Lily comes in to relieve him.  James works the long shift, six 'til five.   Sirius supposes James earns the bitching rights but it's James' coffee shop, his dream, and Sirius doesn't feel like he needs to put in more than his fair share to James' career.  He has his own desires, fantasies in the back of his head that shift and change every day.Some days he wants to be an astronaut, but he stubs out that dream with every cigarette.  Even the Russians probably aren't lax enough for a pack-a-day smoker.  Secret spy tops the list on Tuesdays, when he sees that bloke with a government ID--just a barcode and the royal crest, no name or department--but that dream fizzles when he remembers he's shit at lying.He takes the bus home at twelve-twenty.  It's always the rattly one.  He can turn his iPod up as much as he likes but he can still hear the strange clacking in the engine that makes him uncomfortable. At twelve-twenty-two he gets bored of resting his head against the window and pulls a notebook out of his bag.  Sirius only writes longhand on the bus.  The first half of the notebook is worn from being flipped through a thousand times.  Every new page is crisp and fresh, bent in the corners from being shoved in next to his laptop, but still unturned.   His handwriting is barely legible, mostly from trying to get the words out of his head before they evaporate, but partly from the jump and rumble of a bus dragging through an endless litany of potholes.  He has the route memorized and he knows exactly when the bus is going to ruin his words.This is a constant.  His taste in music changes with every passing week, he thinks about different careers every day of his life while he watches men in suits drop fivers on cappuccinos he'd never be able to afford on his shitty salary.  But writing is beautiful, and personal, and the only thing held over from the childhood he's spent eleven years erasing from every corner of his head.He barely has enough time to jot out five paragraphs before he has to signal for his stop and hop off the bus.  James and he share a flat that is equally rotten in placement and decor: it's a fifth floor walk-up that has him wheezing by the time he hits the top stair.  There's mildew on the wall by the kitchen window and the bathroom smells like something Sirius can't place.  No amount of air fresheners or open windows manage to get it out.  The place is cheap, though, and his.  Sometimes that's all that matters.The living room should've been declared a hazardous waste dump a week ago.  He's certain there are coffee cups that are going to grow legs and scurry off any day now, but he passes through the dumpy front room and goes for the window that leads out to the fire escape.  The stairs left Sirius longing for a cigarette.  For all the mildew and unrecognisable smells, James has a nose for nicotine; he can smell it from the second floor landing.  Some days, it's worth the endless stream of curses and paranoid rants about second-hand smoke.  Today the sky is almost-clear and the air tastes like autumn, so he ducks out onto the fire escape and thinks.Sirius eats whatever's in the fridge after his smoke.  There are day old chips that he microwaves and a ham sandwich he's almost sure isn't his, but he got up at four-oh-three today and he  doesn't care.  He bites down on the sandwich as he toes off his shoes and wonders what's missing.He's been writing the same book since primary school.  A thousand drafts haven't been enough (that might be an overstatement, he concedes to himself). The microwave dings.  He fishes the vinegar out of the cabinet as he contemplates story arcs.  He settles at the table with a soggy plate of chips and the last two bites of his sandwich.  Maybe, Sirius thinks, he needs a nap.* * ** * *The coffee shop opens late on weekends.  There's no six o'clock rush for mochas before work, just the nine-thirty shuffle of hangovers looking for a double espresso.  Sirius unlocks the door at eight on the dot but it takes half an hour for the first customer to stumble in.  The molasses-slow pour of customers means Sirius spends the first two hours of his shift covertly editing chapters three through five while James bakes croissants in the back room.Potter's hungover and the customers are too.  Sirius might be the only person awake at this hour without a headache.  He wonders when he decided, at some point between eighteen and twenty-seven, to give up on being social.  He supposes it wasn't a choice, just something that happened between falling out with Peter and James catching Lily after so many years of running.  He doesn't have any friends left for the weekends.  Just words on a text document that he deletes at least once a week in a fit of anger.It's Saturday after ten and the shop is empty.  That means two things to Sirius: getting paid for a whole lot of nothing and that he is going to show up at any moment.For the last six months, Saturdays have meant Cafe Au Lait With Too Much Sugar.  Sirius tries very hard every Saturday not to get his hopes up.  It probably speaks volumes about him that the highlight of his week is surreptitiously eyeing a twenty-something man with a penchant for sugar and a sketch pad.James pokes his head out of the back room at the same time the bell chimes at the door.  Sirius looks awkwardly between them, from James to the swinging door, until James shoos him towards the register and thus the customer.  Sirius realises a second too late that it's Cafe Au Lait and he hasn't had time to steel his nerves."Hullo," the sandy-haired sugar fiend says."Hi," Sirius answers.  Writing dialogue, it seems, has done nothing for Sirius' social skills.  "Uhm.  Cafe Au Lait?"Green-eyes smiles at him.  Sirius feels his stomach somersault.  "I'm getting predictable."Sirius shrugs and turns toward the coffee urn as fast as his feet can manage.  He almost drops the mug but catches himself just in time.  Making a fool of himself in front of Cafe Au Lait is just going to make his weekend worse.  Once the cup is half full with coffee, muscle memory gets him through the rest.  In the two minutes it takes to make the drink, Sirius can soak it all in: the sandy hair, the light green eyes, the charcoal-smudged fingers."Do you always work?"Sirius blinks rapidly as he hands back the change.  "You only come in on Saturdays," he says, and kicks himself for pointing out the obvious.  That he notices at all is too much.  He sees a few hundred faces every day between five and noon, half that on Saturdays and Sundays. He shouldn't notice a charcoal-smudged man with shaggy hair and a tweed jacket who comes in for a few hours once a week."I work down the road," Cafe Au Lait says with a dismissive wave toward the door.  "I see you wiping down the tables when I head in."Sirius cleans the tables between six and six-fifteen (or whenever James manages to get his arse down to work).  He takes his time and cranks up whatever he can find with a good beat.  It's a ritual, and part of that is letting the rest of the world fade away while he slides a damp cloth across dirty tables in preparation for a hundred cups of coffee to stain them again. He's never noticed Cafe Au Lait watching him before.  It gives him goosebumps thinking about it."So, do you?"Cafe Au Lait still hasn't moved from the counter.  Sirius barely remembers the question.  Then he does and he feels his cheeks heating up.  He used to be capable of holding a conversation.  "No," he says.  "Well.  Most of the time."Something shatters in the back room.  "A little help, Sirius!" James shouts."He's hopeless," Sirius tells Cafe Au Lait as he swings the backroom door open to save James from whatever mess he managed to make.  He's never wanted to walk away from the till less in his life.* * ** * *It's Tuesday. The worst day of the week in Sirius' opinion.  It's the only time he crosses paths with Peter.  Six years, ten months, and fifteen days haven't soothed the burn of twenty hours in an interrogation room for a crime he didn't commit.  He focuses on the tabletops.  There're dark stains from the bottoms of mugs and paper cups, melted remnants of ice cream from the shop next door, the dirty spray of raindrops from the night before.He's listening to a classic rock mix.  He starts his morning with club music but by the time he gets out to wipe the tables, he needs something that preaches the gospel of rock and roll.  Cafe Au Lait taps him on the shoulder as Journey gives him an order not to stop believing.(Sometimes he does, mostly within himself, but it's a shameful thought he buries under dreams and words on paper.)Sirius pops one earbud out of his ear and grins like a probable fool.   "It's Tuesday," he says like a question he doesn't expect to be answered."My students await," Cafe Au Lait says, which explains nothing at all.  "I realised, after I left on Saturday.  I never told you my name.""I never asked," Sirius mutters.One sandy eyebrow arches up toward Cafe Au Lait's hairline and Sirius thinks suddenly that he should know his name.  He thinks about him often enough."Err," Sirius manages.  He drops his rag to the table.  "That came out wrong, sorry."Cafe Au Lait holds out his hand and Sirius takes it, cursing himself for not bothering to wipe his own off first.  "Remus," Cafe Au Lait says."Sirius," Sirius answers.  "Good to finally meet you properly.""Same," Remus says.  "I figured, you know, it was about time I introduced myself to the man who supplies my caffeine."Sirius chuckles and then realises they've been holding onto each others' hands longer than necessary.  Remus apparently gets the same idea and they both pull back.  Remus, Sirius notices, is all angles and sharp lines.  He likes his men like that, thin and sharp: the kind of body that hides strength in every shadow. "So, do you ever get a day off?" Remus asks him.Sirius takes in a breath and explains the whole sorry story, how Gideon and Marietta quit a month ago, in the same week, and James has only just managed to hire on a new girl who isn't up to spec yet.  It's been three weeks since he's had a sleep-in and it's wearing on him, but he deals with it for James.It's going on six-thirty when Sirius remembers he's supposed to be working.  He makes his excuses and goes inside, where James is equal parts amused and irritated.  Somehow this makes Tuesday more bearable, even though Peter will be in before he knows it and James is going to tease him for hours over the artist in the corner on Saturdays. * * ** * *A week comes and goes.  Clara learns how to use the espresso machine. For the first time in a month, Sirius is granted two days off.  His internal clock still wakes him up at half past eight on Sunday.  For a moment he panics, thinking he forgot to set his alarm and the shop is going to open late.  There aren't any angry text messages on his phone, though, and he can hear James puttering around in the kitchen.  He remembers he's been granted a respite from the incessant grind of beans and the nauseating smell of pastries baking.He thinks he might be the only person in the world who resents having free access to all the biscuits he can eat. Sirius groans and rolls over, tangling himself in his blankets and stuffing his face into his pillow.  If he's allowed to sleep in 'til the afternoon, he thinks, he should take advantage of it.  His body has other ideas, however, and he lasts nine minutes packed under his covers before he's practically vibrating with pent-up energy.  It's been weeks since he's gone out for something other than food or work.James, the insufferable wanker, has a cup of tea waiting for him.  It's still hot.  Sirius wonders sometimes how his best friend knows him so well.  They've lived together for years (together they've enough for a two-bedroom with a view), but living together doesn't make a man privy to knowing when his flatmate is going to wake up."Morning," James says."Morning," Sirius grumbles in reply.  "Off to see Peter?""Later," James says.  "Got to go into the shop for a few hours.""You could use a day off more than me," Sirius says and kicks himself for it.  It's James' shop, James' dream.  Much as their lives are intertwined almost beyond recognition, they aren't actually the same person.  He pulls a salary from the shop, he's not a partner, and he's had enough of fifty-hour weeks to last a lifetime."Could, but that's dreaming," James answers, much too cheerily for someone who's been working twelve hours a day for a month.  Maybe he loves it more than he lets on.  "Anyway, I have it on good authority that you're going to be busy later."Sirius slides into a chair and blows on his tea.  Enough time around steam and near-boiling coffee means his fingers don't feel heat quite the same way his mouth does.  "What do you mean?  My laptop and my outline aren't exactly the life of the party.""Cafe Au Lait," James says with a half-joking leer on his face.  "He caught me yesterday, outside the shop.  Asked if I was ever going to give you a day off.  And for your number.""You didn't," Sirius demands.  He doesn't need to hear the rest of the story to know how it goes.  James tries to set Sirius up with unusual frequency.  Maybe he thinks Sirius is the same man he was at uni, always running off with some new bloke or other.  He prefers watching from afar now.  Fantasy has always been his playground.  He finds more often than not that reality isn't up to par with the worlds he makes in his head."Oh I did," James answers.  "He's your type.  Squirrelly." "Squirrelly?" Sirius asks, incredulity laced through the bone-deep exhaustion one night's sleep hasn't managed to ease.James nods and rinses his mug out.  "Yes, with that tweed jacket.  He's got glasses, you know.  Hornrims.  I think he's a librarian.""He's an artist," Sirius supplies.  His brain is on autopilot, caught between panic and curiosity.James snorts.  "And you're a writer," he says.  "What you are and what you do, mate.  Different things.""What are you then, other than an arse?""A good friend," James says.  "And one who's tired of watching you wallow."Sirius rolls his eyes but finishes his tea.  * * ** * *Remus texts in full sentences. There are no abbreviations and his punctuation sits tidy in all the right places.  He's polite and surprisingly funny, with a penchant for chemistry jokes that make Sirius laugh softly to himself where he's curled on the couch.  They make plans for the afternoon, at four, when Remus is done being a librarian or an artist, whichever.  It's nearly one when it dawns on Sirius that they've spent an hour twiddling their thumbs over touchscreens, exchanging double entendres and carbon-based humour. Sirius straightens the living room for no particular reason other than the ball of nerves in his chest, pushing out against his ribs.  He's not expecting to take Remus home--it's been a long time since he was that sort of man--but Sirius deals with nerves in two ways and writing is impossible when he loses focus. Cafe Au Lait has his brain misfiring in all directions.Three-thirty-two rolls 'round quicker than Sirius wants it to.  He doesn't feel ready, never feels ready for things like this really, not anymore.  His world has been shrinking down, the people he interacts with dwindling to the core: James, Lily, James' Mum.  He can't even fill a hand with the people he'd call  friends.  It's hard to conjure the strength to open the door, cross the road to the bus stop, and wait.It would be easier not to show.  Saturday would be awkward, sure, but Sirius' courage finds itself in the oddest corners.  He wonders what happened to the brash young man with a motorbike and the world at his feet. It doesn't take long to remember, and by the time he does, he's pulling the stop cord and stepping down off the bus.Remus is already sitting at the bench by the duck pond, though Sirius is eight minutes early by his watch. Sirius pauses at the edge of the grass and shoves his hands in his pockets.  Instinct is telling him to bolt: the value of trust is never worth the price of betrayal.  He knows how this story ends.Six months of making up mythology for Cafe Au Lait leaves him wondering about the truth.  He knows the answers are ten yards ahead of him.  Remus looks up.  He spots Sirius from across the path and a smile splits his face.Sirius crosses the distance.* * ** * * The week becomes a blur of mochas and phone calls.  Remus makes Tuesday bearable again when he wanders by the shop on his way in to work.  He makes Wednesday better by randomly dotting the day with jokes. Sirius writes on Friday in a peculiar frenzy that has him tearing through pages of his notebook and nearly breaking the spacebar on his laptop.Time slithers by and before Sirius knows it, it's Saturday again.  The cafe is an empty, quiet blessing.  He spends the morning nursing his own brand of hangover--the kind that comes from staying up too late, not one bought with pounds and pence.  At nine forty-six he's editing chapter seven.  He hates every word of it. His ring finger is married to the backspace key.  The bell over the cafe door jingles.  The sound yanks him out of the world in his head and back to the real one, to Remus coming in the door with his sketchpad and a fiver in his hand.Sirius wonders if it's appropriate to charge someone who just texted him physicists do it with uniform harmonic motion three minutes before he walked through the door."You look exhausted," Remus says by way of greeting."You flatter," Sirius replies.  He's already half-finished with Remus' drink before he makes it to the counter.  Muscle memory serves him best on days like this, when it's hard enough remembering his own name let alone a thousand recipes for drinks he won't touch.  Sirius drinks his coffee black and his tea white.  Sugar and vanilla powder amount to sacrilege in his good book.Remus chuckles and leaves the fiver on the counter.  "Just wondering what had you up all night.""My book," Sirius mutters."Ah," Remus says.  "The infamous manuscript."Sirius shrugs.  "It's about to make friends with a dustbin at the rate I'm going.""Maybe you should take a break from it."  Remus takes his thin paper cup and holds it with the sort of reverence only a caffeine fiend can have.  He takes a cautious sip.  Sirius finds a reverence of his own in the look that crosses Remus' face.  "You know, take a step back."Sirius shrugs and commits to nothing.  He's terrified that if he takes a step back, he'll lose his footing and the whole world will come crashing down around him. The world in his head, the real one around him, either way, he's not sure he could handle it.The truth is that it's too personal now.  The book and his life have become the same thing.  The parallels were there from the beginning.  He took a creative writing class, when he was nineteen and still sure of himself.  The professor told him to write what he knew, so he did.  Now, when he reads what he's written, it's reading a biography.  He's not sure he likes seeing his whole life laid out on paper, wrapped up in mythology and parables."Are you off again tomorrow?""Yeah," Sirius answers.  He leans against the espresso machine and tries to remember how to flirt.  It's been a long time."We could have an adventure of our own," Remus suggests.  "Though it probably won't involve an elfin war."Sirius laughs softly.  "I could do without the war, honestly.""I was thinking a pint, or a film or something?"Sirius wants to point out that a trip to the cinema is hardly an adventure, but given the monotony of his life, Tesco seems like a foreign land these days.  The adventure is in the offer anyway."Sounds fun," he finally answers.Remus' expression is indescribable, even with all the adjectives Sirius knows tumbling through his head.  "Around four?"Sirius nods.  James is standing by the door to the back room, trying to be invisible, listening to every word.  Sirius waits until Remus takes his seat to make a rude gesture behind his back. James cackles madly and ducks out into the open with an armload of cups.  * * ** * *They agree to meet out front of Sirius' flat on Sunday.  (It still isn't clean by any definition of the word, although perhaps no longer qualifies as a biohazard.  There are no more coffee cups threatening to gain sentience on the low table by the sofa.)  He locks the door at three minutes to four and almost trips over his own feet to get down the stairs.Remus turns the corner six minutes late.  Another few seconds and Sirius would've been compulsively checking his phone."Sorry," Remus apologizes in a rush of breath as he reaches the stoop.  "Bus was a bit late.  I hope you haven't been waiting long?"Sirius shakes his head and hops to his feet.  "Nah," he answers, because six minutes isn't a long time even though five minutes waiting felt like an eternity.  They both stand at the bottom of the stairs just long enough for Sirius to get twitchy and start walking.  Remus falls into step next to him.Remus smiles.  The crinkles in the corners of his eyes remind Sirius that he's never asked how old Remus is.  His face has that look, the sort where he could be twenty-five or thirty-five.  He suddenly wants to ask but he bites his tongue--not exactly a great conversation starter, but then neither are the other things on his mind like why are you interested? or your glasses are hot.  "So, the cinema or the pub?" Remus asks.  He has a cheerful spring to his step that makes Sirius grin like a fool."Why choose one?" Sirius asks.Remus pauses mid-step and turns on the ball of his foot.  "There's an idea I can get behind.  I may have to keep you, Sirius Black."Sirius isn't sure what that means exactly but the thought of Remus and keeping warms him up against the early-autumn chill of the afternoon.  They walk to the cinema.  It isn't far and the bus is always crowded in the evenings,  and anyway, it soothes Sirius' nerves.Remus talks about his students on the way--both sets.  He's a history teacher by day at the comprehensive down the road from the shop.  On Sundays he runs an art workshop that produces, judging from the picture messages Sirius gets every now and then, some hilariously unfortunate artwork.It's the history students that make for the best stories, though.  Maybe it's because Sirius can remember being a teenager vividly, but the homework excuses and creative attempts at cheating have Sirius nearly falling over with laughter."Thing is," Remus says as they turn a corner, "I don't understand why they think I'd believe half of them.""No one's going to fall for my Aunt Beatrice ate my homework," Sirius agrees.Remus snickers.  He shoves his hands into his pockets and shakes his head.  "That's not even the worse of them.  The cheating, though.  Don't they realise I was a student once, too?""I cheated creatively in school," Sirius says.  "The old standbys will always get you caught.""Exactly!" Remus agrees.  There's a smirk on his face when he turns a little, not missing a step.  "Leaving a book open under the desk in front of you?  Awful.""Pathetic," Sirius agrees.  "I started off with complicated foot-tapping schemes."Remus pauses on the pavement.  "What do you mean?""Well, James.  We came up with it together."  Sirius shrugs.  "World History, actually.  Our teacher only gave multiple choice tests."  He goes on and explains the whole complicated system to Remus, who looks caught between admiration and concern for his students' academic integrity.By the time they start walking again, Remus is laughing about the time nearly all the answers were E, which involved a conspicuous amount of foot-tapping.  A warm feeling spreads through Sirius' chest."So," Remus says between fits of laughter, "what do you want to do with your life?"Sirius pauses to catch his breath.  It's a loaded question that strips the laughter out of both of them.  Remus is watching him carefully, like the question he wants answered isn't the one he asked.  "I don't know," Sirius finally admits.  "There's the writing, of course, but that's not really practical."Remus' eyes sparkle with curiosity.  "Why not?""Well, it's taken me a decade to write a book I hate," Sirius says.  "As careers go, not very profitable."  He tries to keep it light, but the truth of it is like a punch to the stomach.  Admitting that most days the one thing he wants more than anything else seems unattainable tastes bitter on his tongue.  Sometimes he wishes he could be satisfied with some mundane career, but he knows slinging lattes is a waste of a life.Remus watches his face for a while.  "One book doesn't constitute a failure, you know.  That's like one of my students giving up if they fail a quiz."Sirius shrugs and stuffs his hands into the pockets of his jeans.  "Ten years isn't a quiz.  It's bombing your A-Levels.""I have a feeling you never failed a test in your life," Remus says."I never did," Sirius admits.  "Never really studied much, either.""Of course," Remus says.  "What with all that cheating."  Remus' smile makes Sirius want to cup his hands around Remus' face and kiss him.  The muscles in Sirius' arms twitch.  Contentment blooms in his chest.Sometimes the world reminds Sirius that taking chances is better than playing it safe.* * ** * *It's Friday and they're stargazing, apparently one of Remus' favourite things to do.  They have a bag full of snacks and a thermos of hot chocolate to share between them.  Sirius' contribution is the blanket, a black and white striped monstrosity that Remus is currently sprawled on, eyes turned skyward, head pillowed on his arms. Sirius is on his side, eyes on Remus instead of the dim stars he can barely see over the pollution of city lights."So," Sirius says as he reaches for the hot chocolate, "Argon walks into a bar-""Heard it," Remus interrupts.  "Although that's a good one.  You've been researching."Sirius tips the thermos at him and grins.  "It's a new form of procrastination.  Beats minesweeper any day."Remus laughs and looks over at him.  "I hope it's not too distracting.""Still on track to finish the book when I'm fifty, don't fear."  Remus makes a face at him.  The quarter-moon and the gunmetal grey sky that made the stars so hard to see cast enough light on the two of them for Sirius to see Remus' scrunched up nose and his crossed eyes.Remus steals the thermos and takes a sip.  "You'll finish before then," he says."Forty-nine, then.""Don't be so down on yourself."Chagrin settles into Sirius' bones.  "Sorry," he says.  "It just kind of feels hopeless.""If you want hopeless, you should read some of the papers I got yesterday on the French revolution."Sirius laughs, grateful for the change of subject.  "That bad?""Awful," Remus answers.  "Half of them are indecipherable." "For example?""One student blamed Stalin."Sirius blinks.  "For the French revolution?"Remus nods and chuckles.  "My mum was right when she said teaching was a thankless profession.""Got something in common with my job, then.""I think most jobs are thankless.""Neurosurgery," Sirius murmurs, which draws another laugh out of Remus.  Sirius craves nights like this now.  There's a kind of poetry woven through them, trading hum-drum stories about their day, sharing hot chocolate under a blanket of stars.  The October chill nips at his fingertips but inside he's warm.  It's been so long, too long, since nights have conjured anything but nightmares in the back of his mind. Remus fiddles with the thermos.  "Why did you go into history?" Sirius asks.  Remus talks about a lot of things, but when he's talking about supernovae and galactic collisions, a different sort of passion sparks in his eyes."Why do you make coffee?" Remus counters.  He lets out a huff of air and shrugs.  "We probably have different reasons.  History was easy.  I'm good at it."  He taps his own temple and grins.  "I can memorize like nobody else.""You seem to know your way around the periodic table.""I'm rubbish at calculus.  An utter failure at maths."  Remus grins but there's sadness in the curve of his lips.  "Much to my mum's dismay.  She's a statistician."He might be a barista and Remus a history teacher, but occupation only defines a man insomuch as he lets it.  He tells Remus as much and earns another grin.  There's nothing hidden in the corners of this one and Sirius finds himself mirroring it."If that's the case," Remus says, "what does that make you?""A recluse?"  Sirius jokes.  "But honestly, I like to think I'm still figuring it out.""You are just full of surprises, aren't you?" Remus murmurs as he screws the lid back on the thermos.There is, Sirius knows, a time and place for caution.  He's spent six years, eleven months, and two days living in it.  He's good at making slow changes.  This thing with Remus is an aberration.  It's still fragile and would be easy to crush with a misstep.Somewhere inside him, something breaks.  He can feel impulse creeping through his veins.  He reaches out, slowly, deliberately, because habits are not easily broken.  His thumb brushes against Remus' collarbone.  Sirius' breath gets stuck in his throat as he leans close enough to make out the freckles dusted over the bridge of Remus' nose. "If you don't kiss me-" Remus begins, but never gets to finish.  It's as much a challenge as it is a confirmation of everything Sirius has been thinking for the past sixteen days.  Trading jokes, the afternoons in the park, and nights like this: on a blanket under the autumn sky, sharing history and hot chocolate.  It all leads to this.He takes the leap.As first kisses go, it is neither a disaster nor a revelation.  Angels don't sing.  The world isn't spun off its axis.  Sirius thought about kissing Remus before a few dozen times.  None of his fantasies played out like this. They involved less nose-bumping, definitely.  Remus' lips tastes like hot chocolate.  He hasn't shaved.Life is a story, not a storybook, Sirius thinks in a fleeting moment of clarity before Remus nips at Sirius' bottom lip.  The only thing Sirius has time to worry about is whether or not he tastes like an ashtray.  Remus tugs him closer, chest to chest.  Sirius drowns in feeling, though he isn't sure exactly what--maybe everything.  Remus pulls away too soon.  Sirius sucks in a shaky breath and turns his head to the side, ghosting his lips across the line of Remus' jaw.  "Been waiting for you to do that.""How'd you know I would?" Sirius asks."You think I came for the over-priced coffee?" Remus laughs softly.  Sirius closes his eyes and leans against him.  His arm is falling asleep, contorted underneath him, but he doesn't want to move.  "What do you mean?""The cafe," Remus says, like that answers the question.  Sirius shifts, frees his arm, and peers down at Remus' face curiously.   "I don't get it."Remus shrugs and, for the first time since they met, looks bashful.  "You're infuriatingly good-looking, you know," he says.  "And not as inconspicuous as you think you are."* * ** * *Saturday passes in a blur of lattes.  The distracting monotony of customers is broken only when James comes out to tease him and later, when Remus comes in for his cafe au lait.  They make plans across the counter for Sunday, to try out a restaurant Sirius has never heard of. It's a cozy little Spanish place, stuffed between a bookshop and bakery.  Remus chats about his art class in between Sirius' stories about horrid customers.  It's an easy sort of banter, the back-and-forth about their days.  Remus paints a hilarious mental picture of his father, the wide-eyed, invention crazy engineer.  They share dessert--the most delicious flan Sirius has ever had--and Sirius tells Remus about running away, how his parents hardly even cared, and how much Sirius adores James' mother for a thousand reasons.Monday brings a trip to the science museum.  Sirius thought it up, to spend a day watching Remus' face light up.  He wonders if Remus scours the heavens in pursuit of wonder in the same way Sirius searches every face he sees for a story.Remus invites him back to his flat on Thursday, kisses turning to touches, hands and fingers everywhere.  There's a mystery in the crook of Remus' neck, adventure scrawled across his chest.  Remus makes soft little sighs when Sirius kisses him.  The sound echoes around in Sirius' head as he walks home with a grin plastered across his face and his shirt rumpled.The weekend comes round again before Sirius can catch his breath.  Remus calls him on Sunday to invite him over for dinner and drinks.  Sirius doesn't even stop to think before he says he'll be there at six, and yes, he loves red wine.  After he hangs up, he thinks about packing an overnight bag, but decides that might be presumptuous.  He hadn't wanted to leave on Thursday night--wouldn't have but for work in the morning.At six-oh-one he knocks on Remus' door.  He can smell chicken baking, hears Remus undoing the locks, and can't help the anticipation that curls up warm underneath his ribs.  Remus pulls him into a kiss when he opens the door.  Sirius smiles against his lips and lets himself get swept into the little dining room.* * ** * *Sirius stumbles home at quarter after six.  He could have slept all day wrapped in Remus' warmth, but Remus was up before dawn to get ready for work.  Somehow, despite the night before, it felt odd to stay lounging in Remus' bed with Remus gone.James is awake at the kitchen table.  He only has one mug of tea.  Good, Sirius thinks smugly.  Sometimes he still manages to be unpredictable.  James shoots him a knowing look from behind his fringe as Sirius crosses the kitchen and starts the coffee pot."You didn't come home last night," James says.  There's accusation there, under the sleep-deprived rumble of his voice."Did you figure that out all on your own?" Sirius asks.  He shuffles through the cupboard for a mug, then leans against the counter, staring down the coffee pot.  He could sleep, probably until the mid-afternoon, but there's a plot knocking against the side of his skull and dialogue in his fingertips.  Sex has always been inspiration to him.  It's no surprise that the pads of his fingers are itching for his keyboard."Well, the walk of shame is as good an indicator as any," James mumbles.  "But yes, I checked your room.  The librarian?""Teacher," Sirius corrects.  "And yes.""Good on you," James says.  He sounds like he means it.  "It's been a while."Sirius ticks the time off in his head.  Six years, ten months, twenty-three days.  It's an easy count.  "Yeah," he admits."Worth the wait?""It was brilliant, if that's what you're asking," Sirius says as he pours himself a cup of coffee.  "I'll spare you the details.""I'm grateful for that," James says.  "But, honestly.  I was getting worried.""What, that I'd end up all alone?""Surrounded by cats and typewriters," James adds.  "A bit.  Mostly that you weren't happy."James thankfully knows better than to push when Sirius doesn't answer.  He's never sure if he is happy or not.  It's hard enough to figure out for himself, never mind verbalise it to James, so he says nothing at all.  Instead, he stirs his coffee, blows futilely at the steam wafting off the surface, and shrugs."You going to stick with the librarian?""Teacher," Sirius corrects again.  "Sure, for now.  I like him."James drops his teacup into the dishwater in the sink.  "Good," he says as he slings his bag over his shoulder.  "It's about time."* * ** * *Time slips by too easily.  Sirius loses track of the days, marks them not with crosses on his calendar but with text messages and phone calls, nights at Remus'.  He doesn't count faces anymore at work.  For years, he's let the world pass by undisturbed.  He's lived outside it for so long he's getting lost in it now.He spends All Saints Day in Remus' flat.  Between wine and Remus, he forgets to even remember.Midnight rolls in like a thunderstorm.  Remus' watch beeps on the nightstand and Sirius starts with the shock of the date.  November second, he thinks to himself.  Seven years, one day.He slides out of bed and into Remus' robe.  He knows what's coming, can feel it in the air like a charge, making his skin tingle.  A minute's work in the dark produces his phone and then he's out on the fire escape with a cigarette to his lips, staring down at the screen.Twelve-oh-seven comes with a shrill ring.  He mutes the noise, stares down at the name on the screen, and slides it into the pocket of the robe.  He won't talk to Peter tonight.  A chorus of beeps signal the usual: a voicemail he'll never listen to and a text message that he knows by heart.  I'm sorry, Sirius, it always starts.He's wondering if Regulus will ever get out of prison when the window opens.  He looks up, catches Remus' shadow just as he slides out into the moonlight, and tries to smile.  He knows it doesn't work, sees his own expression mirrored across Remus' face."What's wrong?" Remus asks.  He has good intentions, but nothing good can come of talking about this.Sirius sighs.  "It's a long story," he says."I have a lot of time," Remus says.  It's true.  Neither of them have to be up in the morning.  Remus' class at the community center isn't until the afternoon.Sirius can't find the words.  The whole wretched mess eats at him so badly.  Every part of him changed that night.  He spends too much of every day pushing his regret, his shame, his infuriation at everyone--even himself--into the back of his head.  He hasn't told the story since Lily picked him up at seven in the morning outside the police station.He frames it as a parable, a fairy tale: a brother who stole a motorbike, an enemy who died, a friend who lied.  He doesn't cast himself as a saint or a martyr because neither one is true.  At twenty-one, he was a bastard.  Karma caught up.  He pays his penance like this, counting the days and the hours that Regulus is still losing to a stupid decision.  Maybe he's counting his own hours, the ones he nearly lost because Peter never had a spine, still doesn't, and lied through his teeth seven years ago about where Sirius was that night.It takes thirteen minutes to tell the story.  By the time he lets his words taper off, ending with a trial he followed in the papers instead of in person, Remus is hunched next to him with his arms around Sirius' shoulders.  There are tear tracks all over Remus' face.  Sirius hates them because he put them there.  Maybe he should have been honest from the start; baggage isn't something he can check at the door of a relationship"That's terrible," Remus finally says.Sirius nods.  He has no words for what he feels.  Everything feels inadequate.  It's part of the reason he's never finished the book.  Chapters nine through eleven are that year, distorted by fantasy and wrapped up in elf magic.  "Hey," Remus says softly.  "Look at me, Sirius."Sirius looks up from his clasped hands.  Remus is a pretty crier, he thinks, or maybe it's just the way the moonlight reflects off his face. "It's not your fault," he says.  It's the first time anyone's said that to Sirius.  Not that he's given anyone the chance, not really.  He doesn't speak to Peter.  Lily treads on eggshells whenever Regulus' name comes up.  James knows better than to ask but there are worry-lines on his forehead that never disappear."Was my motorbike."Remus cups Sirius' face between his hands and curls his thumbs under Sirius' cheekbones.  "Not your fault," he repeats.  "You didn't do anything."That's half the problem, Sirius thinks. But he doesn't say anything, just leans into Remus' touch.November second slips quietly by.  Sirius doesn't count the minutes.* * ** * *Autumn turns into winter in the usual way, the days growing shorter and the chill biting harder at Sirius' nose when he finds himself outside.  The tables in front of the cafe are dragged into storage.  James starts stocking peppermints in a little jar by the till.  The back room smells like shortbread.  Sweaters are hidden under coats and scarves.  James hoards Christmas decorations in the flat hallway, waiting impatiently to deck the flat with garlands and mistletoe.  Sirius keeps himself busy between Remus and the shop.  By December, they're fully staffed again and his days working feel like days off.  He doesn't mind the endless stream of mochas from harried Christmas shoppers if it means there's someone else to mind the till when he's dying for the loo.While Sirius makes hot chocolates for mitten-clad children, Remus sends him a steady stream of promises in bits and bytes.  On Saturdays, James gives him a long lunch break, so there is time for conversation over sandwiches.  Between triple espressos and peppermint lattes, Sirius learns Remus' secrets.  His aren't as awful--childhood illness, broken home, too much time spent with textbooks instead of friends.  Remus has a drawer in Sirius' room and every night Sirius starts to say words that terrify him, so he wraps them up in a kiss instead.By the time James drags in a Christmas tree, the flat is clean, two parts Sirius and one part Remus, who clucks his tongue at the dirty dishes and shakes his head at the clothes strewn across the hallway floor.December is all about counting days, but never days since, always days until.  Five until his birthday, twelve until Christmas, nineteen until the New Year.  Sirius spends a week with his laptop and a quilt, sometimes on his fire escape but mostly on Remus' couch.  He tears through his outline because he knows the end now.  Gill and Tulwin, his little elves, finally get the ending that they deserve.  He finishes the book on a Friday-almost-Saturday, with eight minutes to spare before midnight.  It takes hours to print it all out.  It barely fits in the binder Sirius has for it.Saturday brings Remus to the cafe at ten seventeen.  Sirius has his drink waiting, sitting without any ceremony on top of the binder.  Remus looks at it curiously, like the answers to a question he never asked, and takes it without a word.  Instead of drawing, he flips pages.  Sirius pours his nervousness into every mug, tries to tamp down his worries with every double espresso.  He doesn't know what will come of letting someone read the book.Lunch comes before he knows it.  James nearly has to push him away from the espresso machine. He walks into the back and grabs his coat.  He shuffles through his pockets for a pack of cigarettes as he goes out the door.  Remus doesn't follow.  His eyes are glued to the pages in front of him.  Sirius doesn't know if that's a good thing or not.Remus joins him after a bit.  Sirius stubs out his cigarette against the wall of the building.  He bites his lip and watches Remus sip his coffee.  "So?" he asks."I'm not finished, you know," Remus says.Sirius rolls his eyes.  "Obviously," he says.  "But so far?"It's prodding and he knows it.  Trusting someone with his book is taking more out of him than he imagined.  Remus will probably be gentle about it.  Surely, Sirius thinks, he wouldn't come out and say that it's shit."No previews to the review, Mr Black," Remus says.  He's smiling against the rim of his cup, though, and that's enough for Sirius.* * ** * *Remus hands the binder back on December twenty-eighth.  The pages are littered with emerald green ink--not red, which surprises Sirius, but it's so like Remus to soften the blow.  He flips idly through the pages during lulls in business.  The comments overwhelm the edits, but Remus is no English professor.  Sirius doesn't waste his time imagining that the book's too good for red ink and crossed out passages. He knows if he wants stark, ruthless honesty about his style and tone, he will have to find it elsewhere.But Sirius didn't give Remus the book for him to rip it to shreds.  Somehow Remus knows this, knew it from the start, because the cramped cursive writing is hardly critical.  It's easy for Sirius to get lost in the story that Remus' comments make.  When Tulwin the elf makes a fool out of himself in front of the princess, there's an emerald-green smile and James? written in the margin.  Remus sees the story Sirius folded into a fairy tale and, shockingly, he hasn't gone running off.  He draws smiles and writes notes like Tulwin's lucky to have Gill as a brother instead.  Sirius isn't sure what he expected from Remus reading the book, but even the occasionally snarky comments (Honestly, Sirius, I doubt the king of Twinely loves every one of Tulwin's atoms.) make him grin like an idiot.The last page isn't one of his.  It's thick paper, not from a printer, folded in thirds, and tucked into the back sleeve.  It's a drawing--one of Remus'--full of intricate detail; there is Sirius' world, brought painstakingly to life.  And there's a note scribbled in tiny print at the bottom:
S-A cover for your book.  It needed one and I tried my very best.  Those elves with all their magic words stirred my imagination.  So here are some magic words of my own:

I love you,R.
Three words.  Two seconds.  Sirius starts a new count.Simon had 8 am classes every day except Tuesdays. He’s pretty sure he was being way too optimistic when he was registering for classes. So here he is, first day of classes, struggling to comprehend advanced economics. Maybe he should have been an arts student like Clary. She had no classes before 10 am. He fiddled with the coffee in his hand, peeling back the cardboard sleeve. There was something written on the cup below the sleeve. He slid it down.
Sermon
He rubbed his bleary eyes and looked again. Still the same.Simon groaned, pulling the cup sleeve back up. Sure, he mumbled a bit in the mornings (and the afternoons, and when he was sleepy, and, well… all the time according to Clary). But Sermon? Really? That wasn’t even… Okay, maybe it sounded a little like his name. But what normal person would name their kid Sermon? The lecture started back up and he gave up on trying to figure out the misspelling. It probably wouldn’t happen again, what were the odds?-
Saruman
He frowned at the writing on his cup, wondering if he could get a refund for the offence. Seriously. Did he look like an evil wizard? Or even close to being an old dude with a super long beard.-“I have a coffee for… Syncophant?” Simon stared at the barista. He was the only person in the shop. But…Syncophant, seriously? He glanced at the time on his phone and swore, grabbing the coffee and taking off. He didn’t have time to be offended, his Advertising class started in two minutes and the shop was at least 10 minutes away.He didn’t notice the barista snickering at him as he leaves.-“Oh come on.” Simon glared at the cup like it was personally offending him. Which it was. So…“What’s wrong?” Maureen, his bandmate and fellow sufferer of 8am Labour Economics lectures, was looking over at him with concern.He turned his cup to face her in response.She snickered, glancing up at the prof to make sure he hadn’t noticed.“Did you piss off the barista or something?”“I haven’t even spoken to him!” Simon frowned at her, “Except to order coffee. But seriously, I’ve been getting cups with my name misspelled since the beginning of the semester.”“Sabrina, though,” She laughed at hi, “That one’s new.”“Don’t-“ Simon was starting to get a bad feeling.“Sounds like your new nickname!” Her eyes gleamed and he groaned, head dropping to the table.-Simon was going to fix this. He was going to clearly enunciate his name. At 7 in the morning. It was happening.He stepped up to the counter.“One extra large black coffee.”“Can I get a name?” “Simon.”“That’ll be two dollars and seventy five cents.” The barista was writing on a cup. Simon craned his neck to read the beginnings of what looked like… Steve.“Um. It’s Simon….” He handed over two dollar bills.The barista looked up at him. It registered (belatedly), that the barista was actually pretty hot.“Oh I’m sorry,” the barista sounded sarcastic. His name tag read Raphael. Their eyes met, and Simon noted that Raphael had very long eyelashes.The moment ended as Raphael took his money and rung it in, setting the cup aside, writing facing away from Simon.Simon declined his change and stepped back to wait.“A large coffee for Slimey.” The barista looked straight at him and smirked.Simon tried to ignore how hot the guy was in favour of glowering, taking his coffee and stalking (Raphael later claimed that he was flouncing) out of the shop.-His newfound attraction for the barista was not helping with his quest to get the (attractive) barista to spell his name right. Maureen just laughed at him when he complained, telling him to suck it up. Jace (who was currently trying very hard to get into Clary’s pants and was therefore hanging around when Simon brought it up) told him to ask out the barista next time, killing two birds with one solution. Clary advised that he do what he thought was best and maybe let the name thing go.Simon wondered if he could put an ad out on campus for new and more helpful friends.-“Coffee for Brian?” Simon tries to glower at the barista’s smirk (and fails miserably, though he wouldn’t admit it).“It’s Simon.” He took his coffee.“Alright then, Siphon.”Simon considered flipping him off, but decided against it, choosing to stalk out of the coffee shop yet again.-“Hymen? I have a large coffee for Hymen?” Simon groaned as a group of girls in the corner stared at him and started to giggle.He refused to even look at the barista as he collected his order.-“I have a large coffee for Smithers?”“That doesn’t even-“ Simon gives up on spluttering when he sees the barista’s smirk widen.-“Coffee for Triton?” Simon’s about 70% certain that the barista is doing this on purpose. He sees him four days a week. The barista can’t possibly have hearing that bad.-It’s a Wednesday, almost at the end of the semester, when someone finally gets his name right. The barista, the one that still can’t remember his name Is absent, leaving a pale girl who’s name tag reads Camille to serve him coffee. Simon resolutely doesn’t wonder where his barista is.“A large coffee for Simon?” He takes his coffee and pauses when a familiar voice comes from behind him.“You should complain, Sheila , she got your name wrong.”“You!” Simon turns with a scowl.“Yes me. You know, Santa, you're kind of dense.”Simon doesn't even know how to respond to that one, and settles on leaning back against the counter. The other barista-Camille- is watching them as she clears out the coffee filter.“I mean, I’ve been putting my number on the bottoms of your cups for weeks. A frat boy prank called me last week asking if I wanted to go on a ride on his bike.” The barista (not his barista) is giggling from behind the counter.“You…have?” Simon blinked confusedly.“Well, duh.”“He has a stash of cups with his number already written on the bottom just for you,” the other barista add.“You-“ Simon can feel his face warming, “Well how should I have known there was a number there. Its not like I check the bottom of all my coffee cups for secret messages.”“I have been serving you coffee for two and a half months! That's like 40 cups, with at least 40 of them with my number on them,” The barista is frowning, “I would have thought that you’d see at least one of them! Unless you're actually an idiot.”“I am not an idiot!. You're the idiot who can't even remember my name. And what kind of weirdo puts their number on the bottoms of coffee cups anyways?”"Ooooh lover's quarrel," the girl behind the counter has given up any pretence of doing actual work and is leaning on her elbows on the counter behind them."We're not-" Simon starts to protest."Yet. We're not lovers yet." His barista is grinning at them and Simon feels another flutter of attraction, "Would you like to be?""Um-" Simon flushes."That is to say, would you like to go on a date with me?" "What's my name?" Simon frowns at him."Why? Did you forget your own name?" "No, I just want to know if you'll actually remember it or if I should spare myself the indignity.""Raphael, quit teasing him already." The girl behind the counter sounds stern, and Raphael rolls his eyes at her."Its Simon. Duh." "If you already know my name, why do you keep writing weird stuff on my cups?" "Well. The first time was a mistake, but after that… it was funny." A grin."I-You- I can't believe you! My bandmates all call me Sabrina because of you!" "That's hilarious. But seriously, go for dinner with me on Friday?" Raphael is grinning, teeth glinting in the light."I-""Say yes, you know you want to." "I-oh, fuck it. Fine. But you owe me. And if you call me by one wrong name, I am leaving."Raphael laughs at him."What's your number." Camille is laughing too now. Simon thinks his question was perfectly logical."It's on the bottom of your cup, cutie." Camille points out, and he blushes when he notices the numbers scrawled on the bottom in sharpie."Text me," Raphael smirks and then he's gone, leaving Simon to stare after him for a minute before breaking out into profanity. He's missed like half of his lecture.Yamada Hizashi has not been having a very good day.It had started to go downhill when he’d realized that he’d forgotten his lunch at home. Of course, by the time he’d made that realization, he hadn’t had time to go back for it without being late for school.Then he’d gotten caught passing a note to Tensei during class. It wouldn’t have been that big of a deal expect for the fact that teacher was Arai, who always makes students stand out in the hallway, even for something as minor as note passing.And then, during hero training, he’d been pitted against Aizawa, and had ended up on his ass in a record twelve seconds flat. Aizawa had even had the nerve to look smug about it. Honestly, at this point Hizashi’s wondering if maybe he should just start fighting dirty already. Considering how badly Aizawa treats his hair, he probably wouldn’t even mind losing a little bit of it if Hizashi happened to tug too hard.So, in summary, Hizashi’s had a shit day.Which, consequently, is why he decides to stop by a café after school. There’s a new one that’s popped up a few blocks away from the train station, and the cakes in the window look heavenly, moist vanilla cake topped with fluffy frosting and neatly arranged strawberries. Hizashi finds himself drooling every time he walks by.In fact, Hizashi’s so engrossed in looking at the glossy photos decorating the menu that he startles and almost falls out of his chair when he hears someone say, “Are you ready to order?”And when he looks up at the waiter, the smile abruptly slides off his face.“Aizawa?” Hizashi blurts out, his eyes widening as he takes in the sight before of him.“Yamada,” Aizawa replies dryly, looking unmoved.“You… work here?” Hizashi says slowly, taking a moment to look over Aizawa, who’s clearly clad in the café’s uniform.“No, I just walked in off the street and decided to ask what you were ordering,” Aizawa shorts, tapping his notepad pointedly with his pen. “I’m obligated to ask if you need more time, but I already waited ten minutes before coming over, so if you haven’t figured out what you want by now, you should stop loitering and leave.”“How did you of all people manage to get a job in the service industry?” Hizashi huffs, looking back down at his menu.“None of your business,” Aizawa says curtly, and Hizashi has to resist the urge to roll his eyes.For a moment, Hizashi considers taking another long moment to look over the menu and pretend he hasn’t decided yet, just to annoy Aizawa, but in the end his stomach wins out. Who knows how long Aizawa will make him wait for his food if he pushes his luck more than he already has?“I’ll have the strawberry cake,” Hizashi finally announces, handing the menu back to Aizawa.“Anything to drink?” Aizawa asks in a monotone as he jots down Hizashi’s order.“Uh,” Hizashi replies, and for a moment he contemplates asking for the menu back, but then he decides against it. Maybe most other days he’d be eager to pull Aizawa’s pigtails, but today has been… long. “Water?”“Still or sparkling?” Aizawa asks in the same monotone.“What do you think?” Hizashi snorts, giving Aizawa a flat look.“I’m obligated to ask,” Aizawa replies, the corners of his mouth turning down into an all too familiar scowl.“And if I spilled my water, would you also be obligated to clean it up?” Hizashi asks, quirking an eyebrow at Aizawa, who narrows his eyes.“Well, if I kick your ass so hard in hero training tomorrow that you cry, I’m not obligated to clean that up,” Aizawa drawls, and Hizashi stiffens reflexively as his eyes meet Aizawa’s.“Fine, whatever,” Hizashi huffs. “I’ll have still water.”Aizawa nods stiffly, jots down another note on his notepad, and then leaves without another word.As Aizawa walks away, Hizashi hesitates for a moment, but then pulls out his phone. After checking quickly to make sure that Aizawa isn’t looking, Hizashi snaps a photo of him as he picks up a tray of drinks to distribute to a nearby table.“Too bad it’s not a maid café,” Hizashi mutters to himself, a smirk spreading across his lips as he scrolls through his contacts, trying to decide who to send the photo to. Yoshida would definitely get a kick out of it and Taguchi’s always looking for ways to take Aizawa down a peg or two.However, before hitting send, Hizashi pauses. For a long moment, he stares at the unsent message, but then he deletes it. As much as it would improve his day to embarrass someone as stuck up as Aizawa, ultimately it would only provide him a bit of short term satisfaction. In this situation, it’s probably better to play the long game.Because hey, blackmailing Aizawa might be fun.Hizashi checks through his texts as he waits for his cake to arrive, but he finds himself glancing up more often than usual, his eyes tracking Aizawa as he moves around the café. Aizawa actually looks pretty good in his waiter uniform. The apron frames his ass well, the strings tied in a neat bow against his lower back, and the crisp white dress shirt he’s wearing is stretched tight across his shoulders. Hizashi’s pretty sure that Aizawa’s school uniform is a size or two too large and it’s… interesting to see him in some clothes that actually fit.Just because Hizashi hates Aizawa’s terrible personality doesn’t mean he can’t appreciate the view.“Did your date stand you up or something?” Aizawa asks when he comes back over to give Hizashi his cake, dropping the plate roughly in front of Hizashi.“Date?” Hizashi repeats, blinking at Aizawa.“You’re actually here on your own?” Aizawa replies, a look of mild surprise on his face. “And here I was under the impression that you would die if you went more than an hour without some sycophant to listen adoringly to your annoying voice.”“Actually, I was doing some recon,” Hizashi says, doing his best to tamp down his annoyance at Aizawa’s comment. He holds up his phone, a smirk spreading across his lips. “Which photo do you like better, the one where you’re greeting customers or the one where you’re carrying drinks?”“You – ” Aizawa hisses, grabbing for the phone, but Hizashi manages to keep it away from him.“Hey, can you get fired for attacking a customer?” Hizashi asks, his smirk widening into a full grin. “Asking for a friend.”Aizawa looks positively murderous, but he doesn’t reach for the phone again, instead clenching his hands into fists by his sides.“Also, do you have, like, themed days?” Hizashi continues, pretending to look thoughtful. “You know, the café two blocks down has their employees wear bunny ears on Friday. Or are cat ears more your thing?”“What do you want?” Aizawa asks through gritted teeth.“For you to get off your high horse and stop treating the rest of the class like we’re gum stuck to the bottom of your shoe,” Hizashi drawls, bringing up his phone and snapping another photo of Aizawa, which only serves to make Aizawa’s scowl deepen.“I meant,” Aizawa says slowly, his tone low and dangerous, “what do I have to do to get you to delete those photos and not tell anyone about this?”Hizashi blinks at Aizawa for a moment, a little surprised by how easily Aizawa is going along with this.“I haven’t decided yet,” Hizashi replies, putting his phone back into his pocket. “I’m keeping my options open.”Aizawa opens his mouth, probably to give Hizashi a scathing reply, but before he can get the words out, a girl wearing the café’s uniform comes over, resting her hand on Aizawa’s shoulder and giving Hizashi a pleasant smile.“Is everything going alright over here?” she asks, her tone mild, but Hizashi doesn’t miss the way Aizawa stiffens slightly under her hand. “Can I help you with anything?”A tiny bit of guilt coils in Hizashi’s stomach as he picks up on her implication, and he forces his most crowd-pleasing smile. Sure, he wants to have a little fun at Aizawa’s expense, but he’s not mean enough to actually get Aizawa fired.“Nope, it’s all good! I’m just, uh, allergic to certain food dyes, and Aizawa was helping me out,” Hizashi lies, widening his eyes a little in an effort to look cute. He’s been told more than once that his puppy dog look is killer.“Oh, really?” the waitress asks, unable to entirely hide her surprise, and briefly Hizashi wonders how many customers Aizawa’s gotten into altercations with so far. “I’ll leave you two to it, then.”With that, she shoots Hizashi a more genuine smile and pats Aizawa on the shoulder, before releasing her grip and turning to go help other customers. As Hizashi watches her walk away, briefly he wonders if everyone who works here is required to have a great ass or if the uniform is just that good.“Why did you do that?” Aizawa says thorough gritted teeth.“You can’t get fired yet,” Hizashi replies, lazily picking up his fork and popping his first bite of cake into his mouth. “I’m planning on having fun with this.”“You’re a fucking asshole,” Aizawa hisses, before turning on his heel and stalking away to go help another customer.As Hizashi watches Aizawa go, he decides that his day has just gotten ten times better.---The next day at school, Hizashi can feel Aizawa watching him warily during every class period. Part of Hizashi is tempted to go over and tell Aizawa that he isn’t about to do anything with the photos just yet, but in the end he decides against it. It’s more fun to keep Aizawa on edge instead.Briefly, Hizashi considers stopping by the café again today to have some more fun (well, and also because the cake was really good), but in the end he decides against it. He doesn’t want to look too desperate.“Hey, Tensei,” Hizashi says, leaning against the plexiglass of a prize game box at the local arcade, while Tensei tries to maneuver the claw well enough to actually pick up a toy.“Yeah?” Tensei replies, biting his lip in concentration as he plays the game.“Hypothetically, if you had dirt on someone in our class, what would you do with it?” Hizashi says, trying to keep his tone nonchalant.“Since when do heroes participate in blackmail?” Tensei snorts, and Hizashi’s lips turn down into something dangerously close to a pout.“Okay, but what if the person was a total asshole? Like Kaida or someone,” Hizashi whines, and Tensei curses under his breath as he just barely misses picking up a toy for the third time in a row.“You have dirt on Kaida?” Tensei asks, finally looking away from the game.“Or someone else,” Hizashi answers. He pauses for a moment and then tacks on, “Hypothetically.”“Look, I am willing to admit that I am not Kaida’s biggest fan,” Tensei sighs, digging around his pockets for more change, “but it’s not like you’re an angel either, and at this point you’re just being vindictive.”“It’s not actually that bad,” Hizashi sighs, crossing his arms over his chest. “Honestly, I didn’t even expect him to get quite so embarrassed about it.”“Him?” Tensei asks, quirking an eyebrow at Hizashi.“Hypothetically,” Hizashi adds dryly.“Well,” Tensei says, inserting more coins into the prize game, “I say you should keep this blackmail hypothetical, no matter how much of an asshole this person is. Like – imagine if Aizawa or someone had something on you.”“Okay, first of all, Aizawa would have to actually give a shit about the rest of us to even consider blackmail,” Hizashi snorts, earning him a flat look from Tensei.“You are aware that it’s not a crime to dislike you, right?” Tensei replies, his tone dry. “I mean, yeah, Aizawa’s kind of standoffish, but it’s not like he’s required to make friends or anything. It’s probably hard for him because he transferred from gen. ed. into heroics so late in the year.”“The first time I talked to him, he stared at me without saying anything for a solid minute and then asked me if I ever shut my mouth,” Hizashi says flatly.“In his defense, you do talk a lot,” Tensei laughs, and Hizashi shoots him a glare.“The second time I talked to him, he said my voice was the most annoying sound he’d ever heard,” Hizashi continues, letting out a frustrated noise. “I mean seriously? We’d known each other for like a day!”“Alright, alright, Aizawa’s an asshole,” Tensei sighs. “Still, whoever it is you’re ‘hypothetically’ blackmailing, I say you should stop before you get yourself or someone else into real trouble.”“You’re no fun,” Hizashi mutters, although the rational part of him recognizes that Tensei is probably right.“So, are you going to tell me who this hypothetical person you’re blackmailing is?” Tensei asks, sticking his tongue out of the corner of his mouth as he tries to pick up a prize.“Doesn’t that count as sharing my blackmail?” Hizashi says dryly. “Although I guess I’m not showing you the photos or anything.”“You have photos?” Tensei asks, actually glancing over at Hizashi and away from the prize game for a moment.“Hypothetically,” Hizashi answers, trying not to think about how well his pictures of Aizawa in that waiter uniform turned out.“You know, maybe you should be demoted from chaotic good to chaotic neutral,” Tensei snorts, looking back at his game.“Just for that, I’m not telling you who it is,” Hizashi huffs, shoving his hands in his pockets as he slouches against the prize game box.“Alright, alright,” Tensei sighs. “Keep your blackmail to yourself. I pity the poor soul who’s pissed you off.”“I already agreed to stop blackmailing him!” Hizashi protests, his expression dangerously close to a pout. “And it wasn’t like I’d planned on doing anything that bad to him, anyway. I was just gonna mess with him a bit.”“Are you sure you hate this guy or are you just pulling pigtails?” Tensei asks. However, a moment later he’s distracted, letting out a triumphant noise as he finally manages to shove a box into the prize slot.“You spent that much money to get such a crappy toy?” Hizashi says as Tensei fishes his prize out of the machine, prying open the box to reveal a small plastic hero figurine. “Also pulling pigtails? Seriously?”“Playing the game is half the fun. Plus, this All Might is limited edition,” Tensei says loftily, inspecting the toy. “Stop trying to change the subject, though. You’re spending way too much effort on this guy for it just to be a dislike thing.”“You’re right, I don’t dislike him,” Hizashi snorts. “I hate him.”“You have a hate boner, you mean?” Tensei says, shooting Hizashi an amused look.“You know I don’t have the equipment for that,” Hizashi replies, his tone flat.“It’s a hypothetical boner to go along with your hypothetical blackmail,” Tensei teases, and Hizashi can’t quite help the way his lips twitch up into the barest hint of a smile at Tensei’s joke.“Well, it’s going to stay firmly hypothetical,” Hizashi announces.“Firmly,” Tensei repeats, shooting Hizashi a smirk. Hizashi rolls his eyes in response, but he can feel his own smile getting slightly wider.“Come on, let’s go play DDR so I can kick your ass for making such bad dick jokes,” Hizashi sighs, pushing himself upright and starting to head across the arcade. “Forget I ever mentioned the blackmail thing.”“Will you let me win if I make good dick jokes?” Tensei asks, arching an eyebrow at Hizashi.In response, Hizashi punches Tensei lightly in the arm, but he has to bite his lip to hold back a laugh. He doesn’t think about Aizawa for the rest of the day.---It’s Friday by the time Hizashi finally decides he’s waited long enough to go back to the café. Aizawa’s slowly become less paranoid looking as the week’s dragged on and Hizashi figures it’s about time to go mess with him again.Also, Hizashi’s been starting to dream about that strawberry cake.“Hey, Aizawa!” Hizashi says as he enters the café, waving to catch Aizawa’s attention. He sees Aizawa’s shoulders stiffen minutely, and his grin widens. “Fancy seeing you here.”“Party of one?” Aizawa asks flatly, picking up a menu and not deigning Hizashi’s commentary with a proper response.“Unless you wanna join me,” Hizashi answers, shooting Aizawa a wink.For a moment, Hizashi thinks he sees Aizawa’s cheeks flush slightly pink, before Aizawa manages, “One it is.”Aizawa seats him in the most secluded corner of the café, and Hizashi has to resist the urge to roll his eyes. At least it gives him a good view of the rest of the café, so he’ll definitely be able to get a lot of good photos of Aizawa as he works.After all, just because he’s not going to actually use the photos to force Aizawa to do anything for him doesn’t mean he can’t torment Aizawa a little. Plus, his chest is still hurting from when Aizawa knocked the wind out of him during training today. It’s payback time.Hizashi gives the menu a quick onceover before closing it, deciding he might as well just get the strawberry cake again. Maybe if he ends up coming back more often he’ll branch out, but for now that particular cake is calling to him. As he waits, he surveys the rest of the café. It’s not really empty, but it’s not particularly crowded either, with a few sets of couples at scattered tables, along with one slightly larger party of high schoolers. The staff seems to be relatively the same too, and Hizashi shoots his most charming smile at the waitress who’d come over to make sure that Aizawa wasn’t bothering him last time.“She has a boyfriend.”Hizashi startles slightly, looking away from the waitress to find Aizawa back at his table, a familiar scowl on his face.“Jealousy is not a good look on you,” Hizashi snorts, his lips quirking up into a smirk.For a moment, it looks like Aizawa is going to protest, his expression delightfully flustered, but in the end he manages to ask, “What do you want?”“For you to put on a set of cat ears and pose for some photos?” Hizashi suggests, his grin getting even wider.“To eat,” Aizawa grits out, his knuckles going white as he grips his pen.“I’ll have a slice of strawberry cake and a decaf coffee,” Hizashi replies, handing the menu back to Aizawa. “Also your cute coworker, but apparently she’s off the menu.”“I’ll be sure to tell her to stay far away from you,” Aizawa drawls, jotting down his order. Before Hizashi can think of a proper retort, though, he turns on his heel and leaves, abandoning Hizashi in the corner of the café again.It’s kind of amusing to watch Aizawa work, if only because he’s kind of terrible at it. It’s not that he drops plates or mixes up orders or anything – apparently both his balance and his memory are decent enough – but his costumer service is pretty bad. He sets down dishes with a sort of abruptness which makes people’s drinks slosh around in a way that makes Hizashi worry that they’re going to spill. Also, although Hizashi can’t hear very well from this distance, Aizawa’s tone when speaking with customers seems to be just as gruff and standoffish as always.To be honest, this is definitely more interesting than sitting at home and playing video games. Hizashi pops a strawberry into his mouth as he watches Aizawa’s coworker try to placate a customer, and Hizashi sorely wishes that he’d been close enough to hear exactly what Aizawa had said to them. At this rate it looks like even if Hizashi had wanted to get Aizawa fired, it wouldn’t have taken that much effort.“Are you finished?” Aizawa asks bluntly when he comes over to Hizashi’s table again, looking pointedly at Hizashi plate.“I still have at least a fifth of my cake left,” Hizashi snorts, giving Aizawa an unimpressed look.“You’ve been here for an hour and a half already,” Aizawa says through gritted teeth, glaring daggers at Hizashi.“Actually, I’d like a refill on my coffee,” Hizashi drawls, pushing his mug towards Aizawa.“What?” Aizawa replies, his tone flat.“Coffee refills are free, right?” Hizashi asks, picking up his empty mug and holding it out to Aizawa. “I want a refill.”“Fine,” Aizawa says, snatching the mug from Hizashi.“You know, you really need to improve your customer service skills,” Hizashi points out idly, amused when Aizawa visibly bristles. “At this rate you’re going to get yourself fired without me even doing anything.”Instead of dignifying Hizashi’s comment with a response, Aizawa shoots Hizashi a glare and then stalks off again, hopefully to get that refill. Then again, with how annoyed Aizawa looks, Hizashi wouldn’t be surprised if he never saw that mug again.After waiting a minute or two for Aizawa to reappear, Hizashi lets out a sigh and reaches down to pull a notebook and textbook out of his schoolbag. He flips through the book for a moment until he finds the right page and then fishes another pencil out of his bag, before settling in to work. Normally he puts off his homework until Sunday night, but he wants to stay and irritate Aizawa for a little longer and he needs something else to occupy his mind.As soon as the thought crosses his mind, though, he pauses. That sounds dangerously close to pigtail pulling.Hizashi shakes his head slightly, trying to banish the thought. He can admit that he’s being immature about all of this, and sure, he likes messing with Aizawa, but that doesn’t mean that he has some sort of subconscious crush on Aizawa.Probably.It takes a few more minutes, but eventually Hizashi manages to immerse himself in his work. In fact, he almost forgets about Aizawa, more focused on trying to solve math problems than taking photos of Aizawa.In fact, he manages to finish his math and has moved on to history when he hears an all too familiar voice say, “You have to leave now.”“Seriously, Aizawa?” Hizashi drawls, not looking up from his work. “You haven’t even brought me that refill.”“No, you actually need to go home,” Aizawa replies, a familiar hint of annoyance in his tone. “We’re closing.”That actually makes Hizashi pause for a moment, before looking up to survey the – now very empty – café. He taps his phone to check the time, surprised to see how late it is. He hadn’t thought he had been working for that long.“Alright, alright,” Hizashi sighs, closing his notebook and then taking a moment to stretch.“I would ask you if you’re always this slow, but I’ve seen you in training,” Aizawa says dryly, crossing his arms over his chest impatiently.“You know, I was serious about you needing to improve the way you talk to customers,” Hizashi replies as he put his things back into his bag. “I mean, how the hell have you managed to keep this job for this long?”“None of your business,” Aizawa huffs.Hizashi’s about to needle Aizawa some more, but then an idea occurs to him.“Hey, you should let me teach you how to not be a total asshole to the people who are paying you,” Hizashi says, hefting his bag up onto his shoulder as he stands up. He shoots Aizawa a grin, which only seems to make Aizawa’s scowl deepen.“No,” Aizawa replies flatly.“Oh, come on,” Hizashi whines. “I promise I won’t try to sabotage you or anything!”“The answer is still no,” Aizawa snorts, picking up Hizashi’s long empty plate from the table.“Fine,” Hizashi says, placing a hand on his hip. “Either let me teach you, or I’ll text those photos of you to everyone in the class.”Alright, so maybe that’s a bluff. Hopefully Aizawa won’t pick up on it, though.“Why do you even want to teach me?” Aizawa asks, looking at Hizashi suspiciously. “What do you get out of it?”“Your further humiliation? You having to do whatever I say? The chance to make fun of you because of how godawful you are at this?” Hizashi answers, arching an eyebrow at Aizawa. “Pick your poison.”For a moment, Aizawa’s quiet, but then he says, “If I agree to this, you have to delete those photos.”“I will when we finish our lesson,” Hizashi replies. “No sooner.”Aizawa’s silent for another long moment, but then he sighs, “When and where?”“Do you always close up here?” Hizashi asks, looking around the relatively empty café. He thinks he hears someone else shuffling around in the kitchen, but otherwise they have free reign.“Mondays, Fridays, and Saturdays,” Aizawa answers begrudgingly. “I work a shorter shift on Sunday.”“Great!” Hizashi chirps with over-exaggerated cheer. “I’ll stay late again on Monday. That way we have all the right props and stuff.”“Don’t you have anything better to do with your time?” Aizawa huffs.“Well, Tensei has to watch his baby brother on Mondays,” Hizashi starts, ticking points off on his fingers. “Suzuki has judo classes, Sakakibara likes getting ahead on the week’s homework, Kan always takes his dog to the dog park and last time I went with I nearly got bowled over by a mastiff, Taguchi part times at a sporting goods store – ”“Alright, I get it,” Aizawa interrupts, scowling at Hizashi. “We can do Monday.”“I guess I’ll see you then,” Hizashi replies, shooting Aizawa his brightest fake smile. Aizawa glares back.This, Hizashi thinks, is going to be fun.---For once, Hizashi is actually looking forward to Monday.School passes both slowly and quickly – slowly when Hizashi’s listening to teachers drone on about the Meiji Restoration or past participles, and quickly whenever he catches Aizawa glance over at him and gets the chance to reply with a wink or a smirk. So far, Hizashi’s decided that Aizawa’s flustered expression is his favorite.At the café after school, Hizashi decides to be somewhat generous and keeps his pestering of Aizawa to a minimum. It’s a little hard, though, when Aizawa gives him so many opportunities with his complete disregard for customer service. In fact, Hizashi sees some of Aizawa’s coworkers look over at him occasionally, like they’re wondering when he’s going to start yelling at Aizawa. Hizashi makes sure to give them all his cutest smile.Finally, though, the café reaches closing time.“I have to wipe down tables first,” Aizawa calls across the room as he locks the front door and turns around the sign so that it reads ‘closed.’For a moment, Hizashi considers telling Aizawa to lean over as far as possible as he does it, but then decides that that’s a little too much, even for him. Still, his eyes track Aizawa the entire time he’s cleaning the tables, a little amused by how focused Aizawa looks as he goes about his work.Finally, though, Aizawa finishes wiping down the last table.“Let’s get this over with quickly,” Aizawa mutters, coming over to Hizashi’s table and plopping himself down in the chair across from Hizashi.“You know, that attitude is the first thing you need to fix,” Hizashi replies, propping his elbow up on the table and resting his cheek on his hand. “You always have time for a customer.”“But I don’t,” Aizawa says flatly, crossing his arms over his chest. “I have other things to do.”“Right, but you have to act like you do,” Hizashi replies. “Otherwise the customers will feel like you don’t give a shit about them.”“I don’t,” Aizawa says again, giving Hizashi an unimpressed look.“Do you at least give a shit about keeping your job?” Hizashi asks, arching an eyebrow at Aizawa, who scowls. Hizashi takes that as a yes. “Then you’ve gotta give a shit about your customers. Now come on, try it. Say ‘is there anything I can get for you?’”“Is there anything I can get for you?” Aizawa repeats, his tone gruff.“No, no, it’s gotta be like – ” Hizashi sighs, before switching to a polite, slightly airy, voice, “Is there anything I can get for you?”“You sound like an idiot,” Aizawa scoffs. In reply, Hizashi digs his phone out of his pocket and takes another photo of Aizawa.“I’m going to take another photo every time you talk back,” Hizashi warns, watching at Aizawa’s scowl deepens. “Also, I don’t sound like an idiot, I sound friendly, which is clearly something you know nothing about.”“Fine,” Aizawa says, narrowing his eyes at Hizashi. “How do I sound friendly?”“First of all, don’t call people idiots,” Hizashi replies dryly.“So you want me to lie,” Aizawa clarifies, and Hizashi begins to wonder if Aizawa has ever been polite to anyone in his entire life.“If that’s how you want to look at it,” Hizashi sighs. “Also, lighten your tone and speak a little more softly. You always sound like you’re on the verge of punching someone.”“That’s because I am,” Aizawa snorts.“Well, you’ve gotta suppress that urge,” Hizashi replies. “C’mon, try it.”For a moment, Aizawa pauses, but then he reluctantly says, “Is there anything I can get for you?” His tone isn’t quite as light and smooth as Hizashi was hoping for, but at the very least it sounds neutral and not outright hostile.“Good enough for now,” Hizashi says, nodding slightly. “You also need to focus on not glaring at people and actually smiling.”“I’m not glaring,” Aizawa protests – while fixing Hizashi with a glare.“Yes you are,” Hizashi replies. “You’re doing it right now.” He snaps another photo of Aizawa, making Aizawa’s frown deepen, and then turns the phone around to show it to him. “See?”For a moment, Aizawa’s quiet, but then he says, “I’m not trying to glare.”“Alright, well, can you at least try to smile?” Hizashi sighs. “You’ve gotta know how to smile.”“No, I’m a robot and I haven’t been programmed with that command,” Aizawa snorts, giving Hizashi a flat look.“Is that sarcasm?” Hizashi asks, arching an eyebrow at Aizawa. “Because honestly, you being a robot would explain so much.”“Yes, it’s sarcasm,” Aizawa sighs.“So give me your best smile, then,” Hizashi says, leaning back in his chair. “C’mon.”Aizawa looks conflicted, but after a moment of hesitation, the corners of his lips quirk up slightly. Hizashi supposes it can be classified as a smile, if you squint, but honestly it seems more like an awkward grimace to him. It looks like he has his work cut out for him.“Well,” Hizashi says slowly, and the sort-of-smile disappears from Aizawa’s face in a flash, “that was… something.”“I’m not good at faking smiles,” Aizawa grumbles, slouching a little more in his chair.“I can see that,” Hizashi snorts. “You looked like I was a creepy old dude on the street who just told you to smile for him.”“I don’t smile for people who tell me to,” Aizawa replies, scowling across the table at Hizashi.“Except for me,” Hizashi says, shooting Aizawa a wink. Aizawa’s scowl deepens.“This is pointless,” Aizawa announces, standing up from the table. “I don’t have time for this. I’ll just find another job if I get fired.”“It’s not entirely pointless,” Hizashi protests, and Aizawa actually pauses to look back at him. “It’s good hero training, if you think about it.”“Good hero training,” Aizawa repeats, his voice flat. He sounds more than a little skeptical.“I mean, being a hero is a pretty public job,” Hizashi explains. “You save people, you get interviewed by the media, you’re a public figure… I mean, All Might’s whole trademark is his smile.”“I’m planning on becoming an underground hero,” Aizawa retorts, crossing his arms over his chest again. “None of this applies to me.”“So you don’t plan on saving people?” Hizashi asks, quirking an eyebrow at Aizawa.“I can defeat villains and protect people without actually interacting with civilians,” Aizawa protests.“And if the villain’s already injured someone by the time you get there?” Hizashi counters. “You’re just going to leave the person to bleed out on the street?”Aizawa’s expression tightens and he doesn’t reply. Hizashi lets himself feel a little smug.“Heroes interact with people when they’re at their most vulnerable,” Hizashi continues, resting his cheek against his hand and looking at Aizawa steadily. “You might as well give up on being a hero now if you can’t be kind.”“Please, like you’re any better at being kind,” Aizawa snorts, but Hizashi can’t help but notice that his stance is tense, stiff with discomfort. “Which one of us is being blackmailed here?”“Hey, I tried to be nice to you at first but you told me to fuck off!” Hizashi huffs, and now it’s his turn to cross his arms over his chest. “You’re the one who started it.”“My vulnerability caused me to lash out,” Aizawa says dryly, and Hizashi scowls at him.“Well, compared to you, I think the rest of our class would agree that I’m much nicer,” Hizashi retorts. Aizawa looks unconvinced.“You’re only popular because you’re good looking,” Aizawa mutters, quietly enough that Hizashi almost misses it.“You think I’m good looking?” Hizashi asks, a smirk spreading over his face.“Objectively,” Aizawa grits out, glaring daggers at Hizashi.“Well, if being good looking was all it took to be popular, then I’m sure you’d do pretty well yourself if I actually sent out those photos of you in your waiter’s uniform,” Hizashi says idly, scrolling through the photos in his phone in a way that makes Aizawa stiffen.“Quit mocking me,” Aizawa mutters, glaring down at the floor instead of at Hizashi for once.“For once, I’m actually not,” Hizashi snorts, giving Aizawa a slow onceover. “You don’t look half bad when you wear something that isn’t two sizes too large.”Aizawa lets out a disbelieving sound and Hizashi can’t help but frown, cocking his head slightly to the side as he studies Aizawa carefully.“You know, I honestly didn’t think you’d be so sensitive about this,” Hizashi says, his lips turning down in a frown. “Seriously, why are you so worried about people seeing these pictures? Is it the uniform?”For a moment, Aizawa’s quiet, and Hizashi almost thinks that he isn’t going to answer. Finally, though, he mutters, “It’s too tight.”“That’s what’s nice about it,” Hizashi replies, waggling his eyebrows at Aizawa, whose face flushes a little red. Hizashi isn’t sure if it’s from anger or embarrassment – maybe both.“It’s too tight in the chest,” Aizawa clarifies, not that it actually clarifies much. Hizashi blinks at him for a moment, confused. “Which you clearly wouldn’t understand when you don’t even wear a binder.”The last statement catches Hizashi thoroughly off guard, and for a moment, he’s not sure what to say. Normally Aizawa seems so confident, like he doesn’t give a shit about what anyone in their class says about him, and this is about the last thing Hizashi was expecting him to say.Finally, Hizashi says, “You’re right, I don’t get it.”The admission earns him a surprised look from Aizawa.“I mean, the main reason I don’t wear a binder is because it messes with my quirk, but it honestly doesn’t bother me that much. It’s not like I have a super big chest or anything,” Hizashi continues, shrugging. He pauses for a moment, his lips twitching up into a smirk and then adds, “Plus, I wanna cultivate my bara tiddy reputation.”“Bara tiddy,” Aizawa repeats flatly, looking at Hizashi like he’s out of his mind.“Seriously, have you seen All Might’s pecs?” Hizashi asks. “I want people to think that I could knock them out with just my chest.”For a moment, Aizawa’s quiet, and Hizashi braces himself for whatever snide commentary Aizawa can come up with. Instead, though, he watches as Aizawa bites his lower lip, his face turning a little red, before finally he can’t hold it in anymore and dissolves into a fit of giggles.Hizashi can’t help but stare.After all, he’s never even seen Aizawa smile properly before, much less laugh so much that he has to slap a hand over his mouth to try and muffle the sound. Honestly, the grin on Aizawa’s face does more for his attractiveness level than the tight uniform does and Hizashi’s not entirely sure how to feel about that.“You know, I’m pretty sure that in order to convince people that you could knock them out with just your chest, you’d have to actually have some muscle on the rest of your body,” Aizawa says when he finally manages to stop laughing, although there’s a smile still tugging at the corners of his mouth. “Your chicken legs and t-rex arms aren’t going to cut it.”“I do not have chicken legs or t-rex arms!” Hizashi sputters, his face heating slightly.“Whatever helps you sleep at night,” Aizawa drawls, still looking amused.“And earlier you were trying to claim that I was the mean one,” Hizashi mutters, crossing his arms over his chest and then uncrossing them again, not wanting to emphasize Aizawa’s point of ridicule.For a moment, Aizawa pauses, but then he says, “I guess you could be worse.”Hizashi blinks at him, thoroughly caught off guard.Finally he says, “Wow, look how far off topic we’ve gotten. And it’s getting pretty late, so we might have to schedule a makeup lesson.”“Do I still have to take remedial lessons if I get myself fired beforehand?” Aizawa asks dryly.“That’ll just prove how much you need them,” Hizashi replies, his lips curling up into a smirk.“Oh joy,” Aizawa says in a deadpan.“See, if you’d added a little more enthusiasm, I might have cancelled the lesson,” Hizashi replies, “but it looks like you still have a long way to go.”Aizawa lets out a snort but amazingly he doesn’t protest, instead just asking, “Friday?”“You better come prepared with a smile next time,” Hizashi replies, shooting Aizawa another wink.This time, Hizashi could almost swear that he sees Aizawa blush.---On Friday, Hizashi gives Aizawa a pair of cat ears.“What are these,” Aizawa says flatly, holding them like he’d just watch Hizashi pull them out of a dumpster.“I figured they’d give you something to focus on other than how tight your uniform is!” Hizashi chirps, smirking at Aizawa. “I got them just for you.”“I should have known you were a perv,” Aizawa snorts, and this time it’s Hizashi’s turn to blush.In the end, Aizawa does not wear the cat ears. But then again, he doesn’t give them back either.---The thing is, Aizawa’s not all that bad once you get to know him. Sure, he’s rough around the edges and uses his glare as a weapon, but he’s not really mean – not like he was when he’d first transferred into the heroics department. Hizashi almost feels bad about sort of blackmailing him.“No, no, no,” Hizashi sighs, getting up from his chair. It’s their second “customer service lesson,” and while Aizawa’s a little less mouthy than last time, he’s still pretty terrible at the actual tasks Hizashi’s been giving him. “You keep bending your back slightly when you bow. You need to keep it straight, like this – ”Hizashi demonstrates, holding his arms carefully by his sides and bowing slowly, his posture as clean as he can make it.“It’s just a bow,” Aizawa mutters, his arms crossed over his chest again. “Do people actually care if my back is a little bent?”“Well maybe people will be able to forgive your personality a little more if your bow is polite enough,” Hizashi snorts. “C’mon, try again.”Aizawa rolls his eyes, but does as Hizashi tells him to, placing his arms by his sides and bending forward an even fifteen degrees.“You’re still a little – ” Hizashi starts, moving closer to Aizawa and placing a hand on Aizawa’s upper back, guiding him into a slightly straighter position. “There we go, like that.”“You know, you don’t seem like the type of person who’d care about bowing posture,” Aizawa says as he pulls himself back upright, looking at Hizashi in a way that’s almost curious.“My foster mom owns a ryokan,” Hizashi replies, shrugging slightly. “I have to be polite to the customers, although we get so many foreigners that I don’t know if they really care. Sometimes we get old curmudgeons who notice if your bow is, like, one degree off, though.”For a moment, Aizawa just blinks at him, surprised. Then he says, “You know, I sort of thought that you were making up all this customer service stuff just to mess with me.”“I mean, that too,” Hizashi replies, a grin spreading over his face. Aizawa gives him a flat look. “Now c’mon, if you can bow once correctly on your own we can finish up early.”Hizashi hears Aizawa let out a soft sigh, but he doesn’t actually protest, instead assuming the proper position and then lowering himself into a bow. It’s a little fast for a proper bow, but it’s certainly better than the half-assed slouch he was doing at the beginning of the evening, so Hizashi decides to let it slide. After all, it’s not like Aizawa has a job performing tea ceremony or something.“Good enough,” Hizashi says, standing up from his chair and picking up his school bag, hefting it over one shoulder.“So you’ll delete those photos now?” Aizawa asks, making Hizashi blink at him in surprise. He’d almost forgotten about the photos.“You sure you won’t let me keep just one?” Hizashi replies, shooting Aizawa a smirk. Aizawa scowls in response, fixing Hizashi with a glare, but his cheeks turn a little pink. “Alright, alright. Deleting them now.”With that, he digs his phone out of his pocket, scrolling through his photos and making a show of deleting them one by one. To be entirely truthful, he is actually a little disappointed about having to get rid of them, if only because he won’t have an excuse to hang around Aizawa anymore. He supposes he could have pushed for more “remedial lessons” but he’s not quite that mean.“There, done,” Hizashi announces, slipping his phone back into his pocket. “Congrats, you’re free.”For a moment, Aizawa hesitates, but then he says, “Are you going to tell anyone else that I work here?”“Nope,” Hizashi answers, his tone casual and light.“You promise?” Aizawa asks, looking at him warily.“Maybe I wanna keep you all to myself,” Hizashi replies, shooting Aizawa a wink and watching as Aizawa’s face turns a little red again. He really does look stupidly cute when he’s flustered.However, Hizashi freezes as the thought crosses his mind. Sure, he’s okay with admitting to himself that Aizawa’s not entirely bad looking, but cute? Cute is for kittens and girls who giggle when he flirts with them, not for surly classmates who glare at him like they want him dead. He swallows thickly and tries not to think about how good Aizawa had looked when he’d actually smiled genuinely on Monday.Maybe – just maybe – Tensei was right about the pigtail pulling.“Are you going to leave now or are you planning on staying overnight?” Aizawa asks dryly, breaking Hizashi from his thoughts.Instead of replying verbally, Hizashi just rolls his eyes and starts heading for the café door. Aizawa follows, digging a set of keys out of his pocket and locking the door behind them as they step out into the cool evening air. Briefly, Hizashi considers asking how Aizawa managed to get the café owner to trust him enough to let him close when he’s such a terrible employee, but in the end he decides against it. He’s needled Aizawa enough for today.However, as Hizashi starts off down the street towards the train station, Aizawa heads in the same direction. Hizashi frowns but doesn’t say anything, waiting for Aizawa to split off and go in a different direction.But two blocks later, they’re still walking together.“Are you following me?” Hizashi finally demands, glancing over his shoulder to where Aizawa is walking a couple of steps behind him.“No,” Aizawa says tersely, narrowing his eyes at Hizashi.“But normally you go the opposite direction,” Hizashi points out, slowing his pace slightly so that he’s walking next to Aizawa and doesn’t have to keep craning his neck back to look at Aizawa.“I’m going to the train station,” Aizawa replies. “I’m staying with my mom today.”“Oh,” Hizashi says, a little awkwardly. “I guess we’re stuck together for a little while longer, then.”Aizawa lets out a soft snort in response.The two of them fall into silence for a long moment, continuing on in the direction of the train station. Hizashi’s never been terribly good with silence, though – not when he can help it, at least.“So,” Hizashi says, wracking his mind for something to say. “When’s your birthday?”Aizawa looks over at him like he’s just grown a second head.“My birthday?” Aizawa repeats, disbelief and suspicion clear in his voice.“Are people from your planet not familiar with the concept?” Hizashi asks dryly, shoving his hands in his pockets and half wishing he’d chosen to make small talk about the weather instead. Then again, Aizawa doesn’t seem like much of a small talk person. At least this way he’d actually replied.“Very funny,” Aizawa snorts, leveling Hizashi with an unimpressed look. “I meant why are you asking?”“I know the birthdates of everyone in the class except for you,” Hizashi answers, shrugging.“Why?” Aizawa asks, his brow furrowing as he gives Hizashi a confused look.“Why, why, why,” Hizashi mimics. “What are you, a five year old?”This earns him another glare from Aizawa, but no verbal response. And after a long moment of silence, Hizashi sighs and says, “People like it when you remember their birthday, okay? It’s called being nice.”“Being nice is sharing notes when someone is absent,” Aizawa snorts, looking at Hizashi intently in a way that makes Hizashi want to squirm under his gaze, “not memorizing the birthdays of everyone in the class.”“Well, I don’t have everybody’s birthdays memorized,” Hizashi huffs, shoving his hands into his pockets, “because I don’t know yours.”For a moment, Aizawa’s quiet, but then he says, “November eighth.”“What?” Hizashi asks, blinking at him for a moment.“My birthday is November eighth,” Aizawa repeats, staring ahead down the street and not meeting Hizashi’s eyes. “Now you know everyone’s birthdays.”“November eighth,” Hizashi echoes, filing the date away in his mental calendar. A grin spreads over his face. “Hey, you know what that means, right?”Aizawa gives him a confused look.“It means you were probably conceived on Valentine’s Day,” Hizashi announces, laughing as he watches Aizawa’s expression waver between irritation and embarrassment, his face turning a cute shade of red.“You’re such an asshole,” Aizawa growls, kicking Hizashi in the shin, and crossing his arms tightly over his chest. “I did not need to know that.”“Okay but have you seriously never wondered why there are so many people with birthdays at the beginning of November?” Hizashi asks, reaching down for a moment to rub at his leg, where Aizawa had kicked him.“Unlike you I don’t keep track of everyone’s birthdays,” Aizawa snorts, although he still looks a little flustered.“So you’re admitting that I’m a nicer person than you,” Hizashi replies, arching an eyebrow at Aizawa.“I didn’t say that,” Aizawa protests, narrowing his eyes at Hizashi.“It was implied,” Hizashi says loftily, which actually earns him an eye-roll form Aizawa.It’s actually sort of fun to needle Aizawa as the two of them walk the rest of the way to the train station. Well, it’s always been fun to bother Aizawa, but this teasing seems different somehow. Nicer, her supposes. In fact, he even manages to make a couple of jokes that cause Aizawa’s lips to quirk up in the barest hint of a smile, although it always disappears a split second later.It seems to take less time than usual to get to the train station, and as they enter the building, Hizashi can’t help but feel a little… disappointed. Which is stupid, really. He just spent the whole evening with Aizawa and his insufferable personality, so logically he should be sick of him by now.And yet.This, Hizashi thinks, as he watches Aizawa walk away to the correct platform, is getting dangerous.---Hizashi finds himself at the café again on Saturday.The ryokan’s remarkably busy today and while Hizashi had offered to help out like he usually does, his foster mom hadn’t wanted him underfoot for the whole afternoon. At least that’s his excuse for being at the café, now that he’s agreed to not take photos of Aizawa anymore.It’s less amusing than usual to watch Aizawa work today, mainly because he seems to have actually taken Hizashi’s customer service lessons to heart. His bow is still a little sloppy and his tone a little gruff, but he actually manages a small, tight smile a couple of times, and the first time Hizashi sees it, he almost chokes on his cheesecake.In fact, Hizashi notices a couple of the other café employees staring too, completely caught off guard at Aizawa’s change in attitude towards the customers. Hizashi watches on as one of Aizawa’s coworkers comes over to him and ruffles his hair, saying something that makes Aizawa’s lips turn down in a scowl. Idly, Hizashi can’t help but think that the scene is remarkably cute.Finally, though, closing time comes around again.Hizashi gets up from his chair, stretching for a moment as Aizawa wipes down his table. He feels his spine pop and grimaces, rubbing at his back for a moment, before bending over to pick up his bag.However, before he can turn to leave, Aizawa blurts out, “When’s your birthday?”For a moment, Hizashi just blinks at him.“What?” Hizashi finally manages, watching as Aizawa crosses his arms over his chest in a defensive pose.“I told you my birthday yesterday,” Aizawa mutters, looking somewhere behind Hizashi and not meeting his eyes.“Well, uh,” Hizashi says, rubbing the back of his head awkwardly. He pauses for a moment and then says, “July seventh.”Aizawa’s head snaps around to stare at him, finally meeting his eyes.“That was Tuesday,” Aizawa says, surprise clear on his face.“Nice deduction, detective,” Hizashi snorts, shoving his hands in his pockets and rocking back on his heels.“You didn’t say anything about it at school,” Aizawa replies, his lips turning down in a frown and his brow furrowing as he studies Hizashi.“Right again, Captain Obvious,” Hizashi says dryly, and now it’s his turn to avoid Aizawa’s eyes.Aizawa hesitates, and Hizashi’s about to excuse himself from this awkward conversation, but before he can, Aizawa says, “Wait here,” and turns on his heel, marching back towards the kitchen.Hizashi waits awkwardly, glancing down at his watch and wondering how much longer he can stay out before his foster mom calls to ask where he is. Before he can think about it too deeply, though, Aizawa reemerges from the kitchen, a determined look on his face and a plate in his hand.“Here,” Aizawa announces, shoving the plate into Hizashi hands. “It’s on me. Happy birthday.”For a moment, Hizashi just stares down at the slice of strawberry cake, an unlit candle sticking out of the top at a somewhat lopsided angle.“I just had cake,” Hizashi finally blurts out, before his brain to mouth filter kicks in. Aizawa narrows his eyes at Hizashi, and Hizashi adds on, “Not that I’m complaining! It’s, uh, very nice of you, I’ll just – ”To keep himself from rambling any longer, he shoves a forkful of cake into his mouth.He takes a while to chew, trying not to fidget as Aizawa watches him. This is honestly the last thing he’d expected Aizawa to do for him, especially considering how he’s been treating Aizawa lately, but he’s not about to look a gift horse in the mouth.Still, this is a lot of cake.“You know,” Hizashi says as he swallows his mouthful of cake, “my foster mom’s going to be mad if I ruin my dinner. I probably shouldn’t eat all of this.”Aizawa looks at him blankly for a moment and then says, “I can get you a box.”“Actually, I was thinking you could, uh, help me eat it,” Hizashi replies, shrugging and picking at the strawberry on the top of the cake. “Or something.”This time it’s Aizawa’s turn to look surprised, and for a moment Hizashi thinks he’s going to refuse, but finally he says, “I need to get a fork.”Which is how Hizashi finds himself sitting across a table from Aizawa, sharing a slice of cake in the otherwise empty café. It should be awkward, he thinks, but it’s actually kind of nice. Aizawa eats slowly, lazily almost, and digs the strawberries out from between the cake layers to eat first like a picky child. It’s kind of cute.Hizashi could get used to this.“Sorry,” Hizashi says, watching as Aizawa scrapes the last of the frosting off the plate.“For what?” Aizawa asks, looking up at him, lips turning down in a confused frown.“For being an ass and trying to blackmail you and stuff,” Hizashi mutters. “I mean, I wasn’t ever going to actually use those photos or make you do anything too bad, but. Sorry.”For a moment, Aizawa’s quiet, but then he says, “Apology accepted.”“Really?” Hizashi blurts out, earning him an annoyed look from Aizawa.“Yes, really, Yamada,” Aizawa snorts.“Hizashi,” Hizashi replies, making Aizawa give him a confused look. “Call me Hizashi.”Aizawa hesitates, but then says, “Okay.”The two of them fall into silence.“So am I allowed to call you Shōta now, or…?” Hizashi asks, looking at Aizawa with his best puppy dog expression.Aizawa gives him a flat look in response.“Okay, okay,” Hizashi sighs, pouting slightly. “We’ll work our way up to that.”He almost misses it, but Hizashi manages to catch sight of a small smile on Aizawa’s face at that comment, before Aizawa manages to smooth out his expression into one of vague disinterest again. Hizashi can’t help but stare, wishing that if he just looked at Aizawa long enough that small, soft smile would come back.As soon as the thought registers in his mind, though, he freezes.Well, shit.He just might have a crush.---The thing is, Hizashi’s never been terribly good at dealing with crushes. So far he’s been trying to act normally, but he’s honestly not sure what “normal” is when it comes to his interactions with Aizawa. They’re in some sort of gray space now, not quite friends but not quite enemies, and the last thing that Hizashi wants to do is resort to pulling pigtails again.Mainly he’s just been coming to the café far more often than he should and trying to pretend he’s there for the cake and not for Aizawa.(Then again, it’s not like he’s not there for the cake. The strawberry in particular is damn good.)“Strawberry cake and decaf coffee, right?”“What?” Hizashi asks, tearing his gaze away from where he’s been watching Aizawa help other customers.His eyes land on one of Aizawa’s coworkers, the pretty older girl who had come over to make sure Aizawa wasn’t bothering him, that first time at the café. Idly, he can’t help but think that he prefers the waiter uniform on Aizawa. Somehow his sloppy appearance makes it work.“You didn’t get here quick enough today,” the waitress says, looking vaguely amused. “Your boyfriend has his hands full with the other tables right now, so you’re stuck with me. Sorry to disappoint.”“He’s not my boyfriend!” Hizashi sputters, his cheeks a little red.“Really?” the waitress asks, clearly surprised. “But you’re only here when he’s on shift and I’ve seen you stay late to talk with him.”“We’re classmates,” Hizashi mumbles, half hiding behind the menu, even though they both already know his order.“You know, he spent like all of last week complaining about how you didn’t tell him your birthday until after the fact,” the waitress continues, tapping her pen against her notepad.“He did?” Hizashi asks, perking up a little bit.“Oh yeah,” she replies, letting out a little snort. “Kept going on about you playing mind games with him or something.”“Ah,” Hizashi says, deflating again. It’s not like it doesn’t make sense for Aizawa to still be wary of him, after getting off on the wrong foot like they did, but he can’t help but be a little disappointed anyway.Really, he should nip this little crush of his in the bud before it starts really becoming a problem. After all, while Aizawa doesn’t seem to outright despite him anymore, Aizawa doesn’t seem to really like him that much either.“Well, I am definitely not Aizawa’s boyfriend,” Hizashi says, plastering his cutest smile on his face, looking up at the waitress with his bright green eyes. “Unfortunately when I asked him a while ago, he said you had a boyfriend.”Now it’s the waitress’ turn to look flustered, her cheeks turning ever so slightly pink.“Oh, well, um,” she says, shifting her weight awkwardly. “I do, actually.”“And here I was hoping he was just messing with me,” Hizashi pouts, pleased when he sees the tips of the waitress’ ears turn a light shade of pink. “But don’t worry, I’m actually just here for the cake. I’m not gonna bother you about it.”Hizashi shoots her a wink and she lets out a little laugh, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. Briefly, Hizashi wonders how serious she is with her boyfriend, if she’s getting this flustered from just a casual bit of flirting. Her stance is relaxed, though, and her body language is open, so it doesn’t seem like a bad sort of flustered.Maybe she’d be a good way to take his mind off of Aizawa.“You know, if you and your boyfriend decide to call it quits, though – ” Hizashi starts, leaning slightly closer to the waitress.“Matsui-senpai,” a familiar voice growls, cutting Hizashi off. “Switch tables with me.” There’s a momentary pause. “Please.”When Hizashi glances over, he’s surprised to find Aizawa standing next to the table, his lips turned down in a scowl and his eyes narrowed in a glare. His jaw is clenched tight and his shoulders are stiff, and briefly Hizashi can’t help but wonder what’s gotten him so ruffled. Hizashi doesn’t think he’s seen Aizawa look this annoyed since the first day he’d showed up at the café.“I can’t deal with the guy at table five today,” Aizawa mutters, and Hizashi can’t help but feel slightly indignant at how Aizawa is ignoring him.“Him again?” the waitress – Matsui, apparently – sighs, glancing over at the table in question. “Alright, alright, I can deal with it. But you owe me.”“Thanks,” Aizawa mutters.“I haven’t taken your friend’s order here yet, but I suppose you already know it,” Matsui says with a small laugh, patting Aizawa on the shoulder. “I might use my favor to make you share him next time, though.”That comment only makes Aizawa’s posture stiffer, but he doesn’t reply.“I thought I told you she has a boyfriend,” Aizawa mutters once Matsui is out of earshot, and although he’s facing Hizashi now, he won’t quite meet Hizashi’s eyes.“She doesn’t act like a girl with a boyfriend,” Hizashi replies, his eyes tracking Matsui as she goes over to the other table. “Also, I think I’ve said this before, but jealousy is not a good look on you, Aizawa.”For a moment, Aizawa’s quiet, but then he mutters, “Shōta.”“What?” Hizashi replies, blinking at Aizawa, caught off guard.“The other week you told me to call you Hizashi,” Aizawa says, still not quite meeting Hizashi’s eyes. “So you should call me Shōta.”“Trying to stake your claim or something?” Hizashi teases, a grin spreading over his face. This time Aizawa – Shōta – does finally meet his eyes, in order to pin him with a glare.Instead of dignifying him with a response, Shōta turns on his heel and walks away, apparently having had enough of Hizashi’s antics.“I’ll have strawberry!” Hizashi calls after him, trying not to watch Shōta’s backside as he walks away.He mostly fails.---Hizashi’s made a habit of staying late after the café’s technically closed. It’s not like it’s exactly interesting to watch Shōta clean up, but after some needling, he’s managed to convince Shōta to let him hook up his music to the café speakers. They’re much better than the tiny speaker set that Hizashi has set up in his own room, which he can’t even crank up the volume on because it might disturb the ryokan guests.Of course, playing his music at the café usually invites criticism from Shōta about his choices, but then again, Shōta’s never actually asked him to skip a song. Maybe he secretly likes Utada Hikaru.They’re the only two left in the café when Hizashi gets a text from Tensei. Shōta’s wiping down tables while Hizashi finishes up his English homework, but Hizashi pauses for a moment to check the message. He frowns as he reads the message and replies with a rapid fire text, but the response he receives doesn’t satisfy him much.“Hey, Shōta,” Hizashi calls out as he starts to type out another reply. “The most recent All Might movie was waaay better than the one from two years ago, right?”“I haven’t seen it,” Shōta replies, not bothering to look up from his work.“Which one?” Hizashi asks, his lips turning down in a frown.“Both,” Shōta answers.Hizashi freezes.“What do you mean both?” he sputters, tearing his eyes away from his phone screen.“I mean that I haven’t seen either of the movies you’re talking about,” Shōta snorts, finally looking over at Hizashi in order to give him a mild glare. “All Might movies aren’t really my thing. They’re inaccurate at best and most of them look like a waste of both time and money.”“But you’ve seen at least one of them, right?” Hizashi presses. “Or maybe even an episode of the anime?”“No, I haven’t,” Shōta snorts, focusing back on his work.“What the fuck,” Hizashi says, still staring at Shōta. “You need to see one, like, as soon as possible. You’re living under a rock.”“Is this news to you?” Shōta asks dryly.“Fine, you are living deeper under a rock than I anticipated,” Hizashi huffs, finally looking back down at his phone and tapping rapidly at the screen.For a moment, the two of them fall into silence, Hizashi scrolling through his phone while Shōta finishes wiping down the tables.Finally, though, Hizashi makes a triumphant noise and announces, “There’s a showing of the most recent film in thirty minutes at the theater five blocks down!”“So?” Shōta replies, and Hizashi thinks he catches a hint of wariness in Shōta’s voice.“So we are going to see it,” Hizashi announces, gathering up his things off the table and starting to shove them into his bag. “You’re almost done, right? I can help you with the rest.”“I’m not sure I trust you to clean properly,” Shōta snorts, and Hizashi can’t help but roll his eyes.“Please, I help my foster mom at the ryokan all the time,” Hizashi replies, grabbing a bottle of cleaning spray from where Shōta had left it on the floor. “I’m probably better at it than you are, because if I don’t clean properly, I have to live with the unsatisfied customers.”“Well even if you do help clean, I’m not going to that movie with you,” Shōta huffs, still scrubbing at a stubborn caramel stain on one of the tabletops.“Oh, c’mon,” Hizashi whines. “I’ll pay and everything! It’ll be fun!”“I need to go home and have dinner,” Shōta protests, his mouth set in a stubborn line.“I’ll buy you dinner too!” Hizashi blurts out, before his brain to mouth filter kicks in.This declaration actually makes Shōta pause.“After we see the movie, I mean,” Hizashi tacks on. “Just call your mom or whoever and tell her you’ll be home late.”For a moment, Shōta’s quiet, and Hizashi thinks he’s going to turn the offer down, but finally Shōta sighs and says, “Fine. But only if you pay.”“Great!” Hizashi chirps, a grin spreading over his face. “Now hurry up so we can get out of here in time for the show.”In the end, they manage to make it into the theater a good ten minutes before the movie starts. The film’s been out long enough that there are only a couple of other people in the theater, and Hizashi moves to try to snag a couple of seats directly in the middle, but halfway down the row he realizes that Shōta isn’t following.“Shōta?” Hizashi calls, glancing over his shoulder to see Shōta still standing on the stairs, looking mildly displeased with Hizashi’s seating choice.“I like sitting in the back,” Shōta grumbles.Hizashi blinks at him for a second, but then a smirk spreads over his face.“You’re saying you wanna get me in the back of an empty theater?” Hizashi replies, and he wishes that the lighting wasn’t quite so dim, so he could see the flush spread across Shōta’s cheeks. “Who knew you were so naughty?”“You know that’s not what I meant,” Shōta huffs, making his way into the aisle. “But fine. Have it your way.”“No, no, you wanted to sit in the back,” Hizashi replies, shuttling Shōta back towards the stairs. “I’ll sit with you back there as long as you promise to keep your hands to yourself.”Shōta shoots him a glare, and Hizashi just grins in return.Which, consequently, is how Hizashi finds himself sitting in the very back of a darkened, mostly empty movie theater watching an All Might movie with Shōta. Honestly, if someone had told him a month ago that this would happen, he would have laughed in their face.All throughout the movie, Hizashi finds himself sneaking looks at Shōta. He’s never been terribly good at keeping quiet through movies or sitting still through them, and while the theater’s mostly empty, he has a feeling that Shōta’s not really the sort of person who appreciates chitchat during movies.Also this is Shōta’s first All Might movie, and he needs to be able to appreciate it to the fullest.So, instead Hizashi occupies himself with glancing between the movie screen and Shōta’s expressions. Mostly, Shōta watches on with a detached sort of interest, but occasionally he’ll wrinkle his nose a little at things he disapproves of or bite his lip while the more suspenseful scenes play. A couple of times his mouth quirks up into a small smile, and Hizashi finds his gaze lingering for a little longer than usual, before finally turning his attention back to the screen.Eventually, though, the film comes to a close. Hizashi drags himself out of his seat as the credits roll, groaning as he stretches out his arms.“So,” he says, turning back to look at Shōta, who’s still curled up in the theater seat. “What’s the verdict?”Shōta pauses, but then admits, “It could have been worse.”“Translation: it was awesome, thank you so so so much for taking me to see it,” Hizashi replies, shooting Shōta a smirk. In response, Shōta narrows his eyes in a glare.“You promised me food,” Shōta announces, finally standing up from his seat.“Yeah, yeah,” Hizashi replies, starting to make his way down the aisle and towards the stairs. “What do you want?”Shōta pauses for a moment, probably mulling over his options, and then says, “Okonomiyaki.”“I think there’s a place near the train station, isn’t there?” Hizashi muses as they head out of the theater. “I’ve never eaten there before, though.”“I’ve been once,” Shōta replies, falling into set beside Hizashi. “It was good.”“Let’s go then!” Hizashi announces, shooting Shōta a grin.As they walk to the restaurant, Hizashi chatters on about the movie, gushing about the fight scenes and the plot twist at the end. Shōta’s quiet for the most part, but he makes the occasional comment, mostly complaints about accuracy that make Hizashi roll his eyes and tell Shōta to lighten up. Shōta never actually calls the movie a waste of time, though, and doesn’t ever say that he wishes he hadn’t gone, so Hizashi’s counting it as a win.In fact, as they sit across from each other at the restaurant, Shōta prodding idly at the food as it sizzles on the grill between them, Hizashi can’t help but wonder if this is what a date with Shōta would be like. Well, maybe with some added hand holding and a couple minutes of making out in the back of the theater.It wouldn’t be bad, dating Shōta. Not bad at all.Of course, the only reason Shōta had agreed to hang out with him today was because he’d offered to pay for everything. It’s not like he’d agreed to come just for the company, and while Hizashi’s enjoyed the night, his wallet probably can’t afford it too often.(Which, honestly, kind of makes Shōta sound like a prostitute. Briefly, Hizashi considers making a joke, but then decides against it.)“You have sauce…” Hizashi says, gesturing to his right cheek as he watches Shōta chew an overlarge mouthful of food.Shōta’s tongue darts out, licking at the corner of his mouth, and while he gets some of the sauce, mostly he just smears around the rest of it.“Here, just let me – ” Hizashi sighs, grabbing a napkin and reaching across the table. He cups Shōta’s jaw in one hand, holding him in place, and uses the napkin to wipe up the rest of the sauce until he’s satisfied that Shōta looks marginally more presentable.“Thanks,” Shōta mutters as Hizashi pulls back.“You eat like a two year old,” Hizashi snorts, earning him another glare from Shōta. “I’m surprised you haven’t gotten anything in your hair yet.”“Whatever,” Shōta huffs, looking back down at his okonomiyaki. “And I wasn’t just thanking you for cleaning up the sauce.”Hizashi shoots him a confused look.“I meant for the movie and the food,” Shōta elaborates, still not quite meeting Hizashi’s eyes.“I just did what anyone else would do after finding out that you’ve never seen an All Might movie,” Hizashi replies, mock solemnly. Shōta rolls his eyes. “But hey, maybe we can do this again sometime.”Shōta pauses, but then says, “Maybe.”Hizashi’s counting it as a win.---(However, the following week, when Hizashi asks Shōta to come over and watch another All Might movie with him and Tensei, Shōta declines. Hizashi can’t help but feel a little disappointed.Then again, maybe it was naïve of him to think that befriending Shōta would be so easy.)---The thing is, Hizashi just doesn’t get Shōta. One moment he’ll think they’re actually starting to get along – like when Shōta lets him play his music through the café speakers – and then the next moment Shōta’s back to glaring and giving him the cold shoulder. He’s finally started interacting with Shōta at school, but every time he asks Shōta to sit with him and everyone else at lunch, Shōta declines. Yet Shōta never protests the two of them walking to the train station together after closing.So. Hizashi can’t figure Shōta out.“Is it Taguchi?” Hizashi asks as the two of them head towards the train station. “Because I can make sure you two end up on opposite ends of the table, if you want.”“It’s not Taguchi,” Shōta huffs, gripping his backpack straps a little tighter.“Does your mom make you embarrassing lunches or something?” Hizashi prods, unwilling to let the topic slide. “Do they have kitten designs? Apples cut to look like bunnies?”“I don’t think my mom has ever made anything cute in her life,” Shōta snorts.“Well, she made you,” Hizashi replies, shooting Shōta a smirk. Shōta scowls back, but his cheeks have turned ever so slightly pink again. Hizashi thinks he’s getting addicted to the sight. “Seriously, though, I think you’d get along really well with everyone else if you actually spent some time with them. Tensei’s chill as fuck, Suzuki’s nice but fucking brutal when she wants to be, Yoshida – ”“I’m not interested in hanging out with other people,” Shōta mutters, speeding up his walking pace.“Okay, but hear me out!” Hizashi protests, trying to match Shōta’s stride and not fall behind. “You’ve been tolerating me for this long, so – ”“I’m not tolerating you,” Shōta says, so softly that Hizashi almost misses it.For a moment, Hizashi just blinks at him, trying to figure out how to interpret what Shōta just said.“You know, I was under the impression that if you didn’t like a person, you’d just punch them in the face or something,” Hizashi replies, his lips turning down into a frown.“I said,” Shōta sighs, “I’m not tolerating you.”It takes a moment for the pieces to fall together in Hizashi’s mind, but when they finally do, he blurts out, “So you actually like me? Wow, that’s a relief.”Shōta gives him an incredulous look, and Hizashi tacks on, “Because, you know, I like you too. As a friend and stuff. Which is exactly why I want to introduce you to all my other friends!”Unfortunately, instead of agreeing, Shōta lets out a frustrated noise and increases his walking pace again, to the point where Hizashi almost has to jog to keep up.“C’mon, Shōta, they’re not that bad, I promise,” Hizashi whines, almost tripping on his own feet as he tries to stick to Shōta’s heels. “If you just give them a chance – ”However, before he can finish what he wants to say, Shōta stops abruptly, almost making Hizashi run into him, and asks, “Why do you only come to the café when I’m on shift?”“What?” Hizashi replies, caught completely off guard.“Do you come to the café just to see me?” Shōta demands, finally turning to face Hizashi, stepping closer so that there’s barely any space between them.“Uh, well,” Hizashi sputters, trying to resist the urge to take a step backwards, to put more space between him and Shōta. “I mean, I like the cake too.”“If you just wanted the cake, you could come at any time,” Shōta retorts, his gaze steady and hard in a way that makes Hizashi want to fidget. “But you only stop by when I’m there.”“I guess you’re part of the reason, too,” Hizashi says slowly, his heart beating fast in his chest.For a moment, Shōta’s quiet, but then he says, “Once you made a joke about not telling anyone else about the café because you wanted to keep me to yourself.”“What does that have to do with anything?” Hizashi sputters, his cheeks flushing a little as he wonders if there’s any way he can change the subject without revealing more than he already has.“It’s why I don’t want to hang out with the rest of your friends,” Shōta snorts, finally breaking eye contact with Hizashi. “I want to be special.”It takes Hizashi a while to process what Shōta just said. After all, while he’s well aware that Shōta has his own sort of pride, he hadn’t expected to hear Shōta say something so… childishly selfish, for lack of a better term. It’s actually kind of refreshing, almost. Human.“You know,” Hizashi says slowly, bringing a hand up to cup Shōta’s cheek, turning his head gently so that their eyes meet again, “you can hang out with the rest of my friends and still be special.”“In what way?” Shōta asks, running his tongue over his bottom lip. It’s probably an unconscious gesture, but nonetheless it draws in Hizashi’s gaze, makes his eyes linger on Shōta’s mouth.Instead of replying, Hizashi leans in and presses their lips together in a soft kiss. It’s close mouthed and barely lasts a moment, just a brief brush of mouths, soft and a little sweet.“Well,” Hizashi says once he breaks the kiss, “a boyfriend is a special sort of friend, right?”For a moment, Shōta’s quiet, but then he mutters, “Okay,” his cheeks a little flushed as he looks over at Hizashi. Before Hizashi can tease him about it, though, Shōta wraps his hand around Hizashi’s uniform tie and tugs him in for another kiss, a deeper one this time. Hizashi makes a surprised noise against Shōta’s mouth, but then lets his eyes slide shut, relaxing into the kiss.Finally, though, Shōta pulls away again and says, “It’s getting late. We should get to the train station.”“Can I at least hold your hand?” Hizashi blurts out.Shōta gives him a vaguely annoyed look in response, but reaches out to take Hizashi’s hand in his, threading their fingers together. A grin spreads over Hizashi’s face and he can’t help but squeeze Shōta’s hand, feeling the warmth of Shōta’s palm against his.“You know, this means I’m gonna make you sit with everyone at lunch next week,” Hizashi says, trying to keep up with Shōta’s brisk walking pace.“You’re still not allowed to tell everyone where I work,” Shōta grumbles, but he doesn’t directly protest interacting with the rest of the class, so Hizashi counts it as a win.“Of course not,” Hizashi replies, a smirk spreading over his lips. He brings their entwined hands up to his lips and kisses the back of Shōta’s hand. “After all, there are some parts of you that I want to keep all to myself.”“Also stop flirting with Matsui-senpai,” Shōta says, but Hizashi is pleased to see that his cheeks have turned a little red again.“You know I was only doing that to keep my mind off of you, right?” Hizashi asks, earning him a slightly surprised look from Shōta. “But it looks like I don’t need to anymore. I hadn’t thought you were the jealous type, though.”Shōta pauses, and Hizashi almost thinks that he isn’t going to reply at all, but then he mumbles, “I’m not good at making friends. Or boyfriends.”“Which is why you have me to introduce you to people now!” Hizashi chirps, swinging their hands back and forth as they walk. “Trust me, just be yourself and you’ll do fine. And I promise to punch Taguchi if he says anything rude.”“Is that another one of your customer service tips?” Shōta asks dryly, but Hizashi can see a smile tugging at the corners of his lips.“No, definitely not,” Hizashi answers. “Please do not punch customers.” He pauses. “Unless they’re villains. But even then, only if they don’t pay the bill.”This actually earns him a soft, barely audible huff of laughter from Shōta, and he can’t help the way pride bubbles up in his chest.“I’ll keep that in mind,” Shōta replies.Hizashi can’t help but grin the entire rest of the way to the train station.The first time Jungkook enters the cafe, he’s running from the cops. He’s had a lot of practice by this point, actually, so being hauled back to the station in cuffs isn’t that much of a concern. It’s like Officers Eunhyuk and Donghae have it out for him, which is just plain rude. Or maybe they think he needs the exercise. And since when was it a crime to hang out at the mall for hours at a time, smoking and glaring at children? Loitering, my ass. Standing shouldn't be a crime. And just because Jungkook happens to be outside a popular retail store when three watches are stolen doesn’t mean he’s guilty. The running, though, that makes him look guilty. It’s a catch-22: stick around and get hassled by the cops who already assume he did it or lose them in the streets while pretty much confirming his guilt in their minds by running. He’ll take his chances running for it, thank you very much. Jungkook trips into the café, bell jangling above his head, and zips toward the table furthest from the door. The rest of the patrons are staring at him, but he became immune to those judgmental stares a long time ago. It comes with the territory of spending more time on the streets than at home, hanging around street corners with a cigarette, and wearing snap-backs and earrings. “I’ll have a caramel-y thing,” he calls out to a somewhat baffled barista on his way past the counter. The chair slides with an ugly screech when Jungkook drops into it. He stuffs his hat in his pocket and wiggles out of his black hoodie, crunching it into a ball and tossing it onto the opposite chair. Hopefully he looks different enough that the cops will look right over him, if they even bother to come inside. The barista is still staring at him instead of dutifully preparing his caramel-y beverage.“A medium or something,” Jungkook clarifies, flapping a hand at the man. “Surprise me.”He slumps back and tries to claw his hair into some semblance of respectable order, but it’s sweat-damp and not cooperating. It’s just his luck that Officer Donghae enthusiastically pursues the most minor criminals, a class to which Jungkook firmly belongs. It really is lucky that Officer Eunhyuk, his partner, is never far and runs slow as hell. The man needs to hit the gym or learn some breathing exercises or something.Ah, speaking of. Jungkook rifles through his pockets for a pack of cigarettes and his lighter. Nothing like a smoke after a desperate sprint for freedom. His hands are cupped around the end of the cig when a shadow falls over his table. Oh, hello. Biceps like that are not standard issue. The built barista is looming over him, looking distinctly unhappy. He does have a coffee cup, though, so that’s something. “Yeah?” Jungkook drawls, flicking his lighter with a practiced thumb. “This is a non-smoking establishment,” the barista informs him, voice flat and patience dwindling. He gives the to-go cup in his hand a little shake. “And this’ll be $4.50.”He’s not even gouging Jungkook on the price for being a dick. Huh. Slightly disgruntled, Jungkook pockets the lighter and tucks the unlit cig back into the pack. This is one of those days he actually has his wallet on him, which is helpful. He doesn’t need the barista calling the cops over an unpaid coffee. “Alright,” he frowns up at the man’s name tag, “Jimin.” Digging through his wallet turns up receipts, an ice-cream punch card, one dollar, two, three…and that’s it. Jimin’s glare is molten and he hasn’t set the cup on the table.Perhaps the three dollars will appease him. Or if Jungkook throws them, Jimin will be distracted enough that he can make a clean getaway. Yeah, today sucks.“I got three, man,” he says, offering the crumpled dollars. It never hurts to try.Jimin’s mouth opens, probably to start yelling, when two familiar faces appear over his shoulder like a really depressing magic trick.Jungkook jerks back, which slams his chair into the wall. Seeing the black uniforms automatically sends him into flight mode. Just the word “cop” makes him twitchy. It’s a disorder or something. Eunhyuk plucks the coffee from Jimin’s hand and takes a long drink. “Mmm, a caramel macchiato. Good choice, Jungkook.”Officer Donghae slips around the shocked barista, cutting off Jungkook’s escape route. “So, you had time to stop for a drink after making off with three watches, eh? All that running make you thirsty?” His arms are crossed and he’s got that law enforcement thousand-yard stare going on.Ah, how Jungkook has missed this. “Hey, guys,” he says, trying to smooth his face into innocent nonchalance. It shouldn’t be so hard to look innocent when he actually is, dammit. Well, he can at least fall back on his default punk-who-doesn’t-give-a-shit expression. He’s got a lot of practice with that one.“C’mon, you know me,” Jungkook tries when neither the officers nor the judgmental Jimin look convinced. “Stealing watches, man, I’m not stupid like that.”And here’s the real kicker: he’s telling the truth. Yeah, it happens once in a blue moon. You need a lookout while you get your graffiti on, sure, he’s your man. Wanna harass some uppity punks? Just call Jungkook. Need an extra set of fists or help chewing through a bike lock, hell, sign him up. Stealing traceable watches in the middle of the afternoon from a busy mall filled with surveillance cameras is just two extra levels of stupid that he’s not touching. Jungkook may be a punk and a hoodlum, that guy that your parents warned you about, but he’s not stupid. At the moment, however, he’s cornered in a café by two officers and an angry barista without enough money to pay any of them off, so yeah, he’s probably a little stupid. “After you, Mr. Jeon.” Officer Donghae motions for him to vacate the table. “Let’s have a little chat.”Jimin’s off to the side, staring at them all like he can’t really believe what’s happening right in front of him. Eunhyuk takes another swig of the intercepted coffee looking way too pleased with himself.Jungkook glares at Donghae and slowly shrugs into his hoodie (slowly so they don’t think he’s about to pull a gun and shoot him). With his snap-back twisted around backward, he stands, as ready as he’s ever going to be. Donghae sweeps his arm out like a gentleman waiting for his date to go first. The rest of the patrons are not-so-subtly gawking at them.Yeah, yeah, so shocking, those crazy kids these days. Jungkook glares at them, pleased when they quickly look away. He can practically smell their scorn. “That’s my coffee,” he grumbles at Eunhyuk as he walks by. He leaves the three dollars on the table, thoughtful guy that he is.Eunhyuk smiles widely and licks a stray drop from the lid. Jimin jabs a finger at the group of them. “You still owe me $1.50,” he protests.He’s ignored as Jungkook is hustled from the café by the officers.On his way out, Jungkook seeks out the café’s name: Dark & Wild Coffee. He’ll be back to get his friggin' drink. ***The second time Jungkook enters the café, he’s running from the cops. He honestly intended to come back sooner, in a non-law-enforcement-evading context, but it didn’t work out. It’s probably really stupid to go back to the café when hiding out there totally failed last time, but something about the hanging flower bed and the carefully hand-painted name on the big front window calls to him like a beacon. It’s already like habit to slip through the door, though he barely manages to avoid sending a grandma flying. He trips onto his tip-toes and turns to the side, practically collapsing past her, and beelines for the bathroom in the back. Jimin, the upset barista, is behind the counter again, and how. He’s wearing a smudged black apron and a polo that hugs sculpted arms and what looks to be a similarly-muscled torso. Another little grandma is the lucky recipient of a beaming smile that kind of makes Jungkook want to pay that $1.50 he owes. Jungkook weaves through the tables and catches the moment when Jimin sees him. The smile is wiped away in an instant, replaced by a suspicious frown. The scolding finger comes up a second later, but Jungkook’s already grinning and disappearing into the bathroom. He may not be able to make Jimin smile, but the ability to affect his mood that quickly is almost as satisfying. The bathroom is small. There are two urinals and two stalls, but it’s bright enough thanks to a skinny, frosted window near the ceiling. He takes the smaller stall, locks the door, flips the toilet lid down, and arranges himself so that his legs are pulled up to his chest. He feels like a pill bug.He’ll give it fifteen minutes or so. Officer Jiho isn’t as persistent as Donghae or Eunhyuk, that’s for sure, but the man can be a little rough when he gets ahold of you. The minutes crawl by. There isn’t even any entertaining bathroom stall graffiti to help him pass the time. Jungkook searches his pocket for a pen to add some for the next guy, but he’s only got a lighter. He can’t even smoke. The door rattles and swings open followed by slow footsteps. Jungkook holds his breath. The buzzing of the fluorescent lights is loud in the otherwise quiet room. Jungkook looks up at the ceiling, impatient for something to happen. This is easily one of the more ridiculous situations he’s gotten stuck in. The feet stop in front of a urinal, followed by the sound of a zipper and man relieving himself. How many cups of coffee did he have? Jungkook wonders after thirty seconds. There are four holes in the foamy ceiling tile. There are eight tiles in each row.Finally, finally, the man washes his hands and leaves. It’s heaven to stretch his legs as far as the door and twist his back until it cracks. It’s a little surprising that Jimin hasn’t come back to kick him out of the bathroom, if not the entire café. The guy doesn’t exactly like him. Well, Jungkook’s not going to question any good fortune that comes in his direction. He’s about to coil back up on the toilet when the restroom door swings open. He freezes, legs hovering above the bottom of the stall. These footsteps are quick and purposeful and god, Jungkook is so busted. The steps stop in front of his stall. Jungkook tries to breathe shallowly and his legs begin to shake with strain. He hears a squeak as the non-slip shoes twist on the tile. The person outside is crouching down to look for feet in the stall. He won’t see feet, but Jungkook can’t do anything about his shadow. Fuck. He wonders if it’s Jimin. If it is, there should be a lot more yelling, so maybe not. Non-slip shoes probably mean an employee, though. Jungkook can’t recall if he saw anyone else behind the counter during his mad dash to the bathroom. His neck snaps up as he catches movement above the stall door. A hand flips over the top and smacks a sticky note to the inside, followed by footsteps and the sound of the door. As soon as the bathroom door swings shut, Jungkook exhales all the air from his lungs in a rush. His legs are grateful when his feet drop to the floor. Standing, he snatches the note. YOU OWE ME $1.50 JEON JUNGKOOK, it says. Jungkook can’t help it. He bursts out laughing and drops back onto the toilet seat.  Jimin might not have delivered the note, but he sure as heck wrote it. He twiddles the note between his fingers and it takes him a second to realize that there’s tiny writing on the back.
P.S. You’re making my bathroom smell like smoke, idiot.
“Asshole,” he chuckles, shaking his head.There are actually two quarters wedged into the corner of his wallet. He pries them out and exits the stall. The sinks are probably the most visible spot. The fifty cents go on top of the soap dispenser and the sticky note gets placed on the wall right above it. So what if he’s paying off a cup of coffee in installments? He didn’t even get to drink it. Sidling up to the door, Jungkook gently pushes it open, just enough to hear the murmur of voices and the clatter of machinery.“What can I do for you, Officer?” Jimin’s voice rings clear through the small café. Jiho’s gravelly tones reply. Shit. Jungkook eases back and rests his head against the tile. The small window is bright. It’s beckoning.No. Nope.“I’ll just take a look around, if you don’t mind.” The officer’s words filter through the door. He looks at the window. Dammit. ***The third time Jungkook enters the café, he’s not running from the cops.Okay, that’s a lie. He totally is. Clearly he’s losing his touch. Hanging out on the other side of town for a while is starting to sound really good; for the next year or two or ten. Jungkook comes prepared, though. There’s been a one dollar bill in his wallet for the past month, just waiting. No matter how bad he needs smokes or how much money he owes Hoseok, this dollar has not budged. It’s an earmarked dollar, spoken for in advance. It’s Jimin’s dollar.This time the need to elude law enforcement isn’t even his fault. No, this is thanks to Hoseok and his uncontrollable compulsion to spray paint the shit out of any and every building he passes. Hoseok is smart enough to do his graffiti at night, at least. Jungkook isn’t even sure Dark & Wild is open at 9:00 at night, but sure enough, the lights are on and the open sign is hanging in the window. Officer Donghae took off after Hoseok, who runs like a damned gazelle, while Jungkook thankfully got the slow-moving Eunhyuk. If he gets arrested because of Hoseok, he is going to puncture every one of his spray paint cans, and that’s a promise. Jungkook stumbles to a stop in front of the café, bent over with his hands on his knees. The coughing isn’t surprising given how much he smokes, but it’s painful all the same. “Why me?” he gasps.Air ruffles his hair as the door swings open. “Because you can’t stay out of trouble for more than ten minutes? And you smoke like a chimney?” It’s Jimin, of course. “Come and sit down before you fall down,” the barista orders while propping the door open with his hip. Jungkook regains his composure and falls into his usual slouch. His fingers are itching pull his hat off and run through his hair and straighten it, but he resists. He’s unaffected, unruffled. Jungkook the Punk doesn’t care what an uppity barista thinks of him. Jimin ignores his defiant look and jerks his head toward the café’s interior. “I don’t have all day, man.”Scowling, Jungkook skulks into the café. It’s completely empty of customers and if there’s another employee, they’re hiding out in the supply room. The room seems much bigger now that it’s not crowded with people.“Sit, sit, sit,” Jimin orders, herding him toward the table in the back. Jungkook stares at him suspiciously, but doesn’t fight. When he’s is situated and doesn’t look like he’s about to take off, the barista disappears behind the counter. Jungkook taps his fingers on the table, a little uncomfortable. He’s never actually come here to get a coffee like a normal person. Tonight isn’t really an exception, but it’s starting to feel that way. Maybe this is actually a ploy: Jimin’s keeping him here long enough for the cops to catch up. The thought makes his stomach feel heavy all of a sudden. It’s not really fair to Jimin that’s he’s unofficially claimed his café as his hiding spot, but that’s just how this has all turned out and now that they have a thing, the barista shouldn’t go around screwing it up. “The cops know to check this place when they’re looking for me,” he finally calls out after a minute of deliberation. He can’t see Jimin, but the whirring of some sort of mix-y machine means he’s still around. A second later, shaggy brown hair pops above the counter. Jimin throws him a little smile. “Good point.” He says it like it didn’t even occur to him before. Without a second’s hesitation, he marches over to the front window, flips the sign to CLOSED, and drops the blinds half way. He also turns off the first bank of lights, leaving the ones in the back on so Jungkook isn’t sitting in the dark. “You gonna get in trouble for that?” Jungkook has to ask. Employees can’t just close the store whenever they want. He might not have worked retail, but he’s pretty sure that’s a thing. Jimin just smiles again and grabs something from behind the counter. “I’m sure the owner won’t mind.” There’s a to-go cup in his hand now. Jungkook can see the steam rising from the little drink hole in the lid. Jungkook looks at him, skeptical. “It’s me. I’m the owner,” Jimin deadpans, rolling his eyes. He deposits the cup in front of a shocked Jungkook, who just ends up gesturing helplessly at the coffee. “I still haven’t paid off the last one,” he objects, pushing it away with a finger. Jimin slides it back. “I didn’t say you owed me anything for this one, now did I?” He has the guts to look all superior. It’s the kind of look that always goads Jungkook into arguing or punching someone in the face or stealing a bike. “I’m not mooching,” Jungkook declares, pushing the cup back toward Jimin. “In fact,” he yanks his wallet from his pocket, pulls out the one dollar bill, and smacks it onto the table. “There’s the rest of what I owe. Now we’re even.”The barista just kind of stares at the dollar for a second before turning that elusive blinding smile on Jungkook. He blinks at Jimin in shock, but his insides are feeling warm and he hasn’t even had any of the coffee. The dollar disappears into a pocket of Jimin’s apron. “Thanks,” he says, like it hasn’t taken over a month and a half to wrangle less than five dollars out of a troublemaking customer. “Now drink the coffee.”Jungkook slouches in the chair, arms crossed, and looks up at Jimin. “I don’t have any more cash on me.” He does have enough cigarettes to make an equal trade; then again, this isn’t prison and Jimin probably won’t take cigs as legal tender. The sigh that the barista heaves is completely uncalled for, thank you very much. He plants one hand on his hip and jabs at Jungkook with the pointer finger of the other hand. “Did I say you owed me anything for this one? Hint: no, I didn’t. It’s on the house and I’m the owner, so I can do whatever the hell I want. Now drink it.” He’s staring Jungkook down, and while Jimin’s not all that tall, Jungkook is sitting so the` looming is pretty effective. It’s not often that anyone out-stubborns Jungkook and today isn’t going to be the day. Does Jimin think he’s doing him a favor? If he takes it, will Jimin call the police and say he stole it or held him up at gunpoint to make a coffee? No matter the reason, Jungkook glances suspiciously at the looming man before pulling the cup closer. He’ll outwardly capitulate, but this isn’t over. Jungkook doesn’t take hand-outs. Jimin’s eyes are boring into the side of his head as he lifts the cup and slowly takes a small sip. It’s hot like fire, but once his tongue is done being burned, the sweet caramel and bitter coffee flavors come through. It’s good. It’s really good. The next drink still burns his tongue, but he can only do so much damage, right? A glance shows that Jimin is looking entirely too pleased with himself. Damn Officer Eunhyuk for stealing his coffee last time. So much for an officer of the law: he didn’t even pay for it. Jungkook can’t help his questioning noise when Jimin turns around and leaves the table.Jimin stops and rolls his eyes. “I have to clean up so I can close. Sit there and drink your damn coffee, Jeon Jungkook.”Jungkook watches Jimin turn away again, sits in the chair, and drinks his damn coffee.***The next time Jungkook walks into Dark & Wild, his snap-back is gone and he’s smoothing down his hair with nervous hands. Hoseok’s sitting outside on the tiny patio with a fat notebook and art supplies, glaring at everyone. He’s not allowed to go into the café per Jungkook’s orders. Jungkook is not being chased by the cops.He steps through the door, bell jingling merrily behind him. Even though the café should be busy with people stopping by after work and students pretending to study, it’s empty.“Should I be expecting Donghae, Eunhyuk, or Jiho?” Jimin asks, throwing a rag over his shoulder as he emerges from behind the counter. He’s clearly enjoying himself at Jungkook’s expense. Jungkook’s face falls into a defensive scowl. His fingers itch for that half-finished cigarette he stubbed out on the sidewalk. “And where’s your hat? I thought it was permanently attached to your head.” Jimin’s laughing at his own joke. Instead of some kind of witty rejoinder, Jungkook ends up saying, “Make me coffee.”Jimin just shakes his head. “Well, that is my job. Just let me know if I should expect Jiho to burst in here like he owns the place.” Then he catches sight of Hoseok out on the patio. “Let me help that guy first. Think about what you want.”When the barista comes back in with Hoseok’s order (thankfully, it doesn’t seem like he told Jimin he’s here with Jungkook), he’s cradling something in one hand. “You still haven’t sat down?” he huffs when he catches sight of Jungkook hovering in front of the counter. “And…” Jimin comes a little closer and flicks the small object from his hand. The crumpled cigarette butt bounces off Jungkook’s chest and he barely manages to catch it. “Don’t smoke in front of my store,” the barista scolds, stepping behind the counter to wash his hands. “At least I put it out before I came in,” Jungkook grumbles, sticking the butt in his pocket. He’s about to drop into his usual spot at the back when he catches sight of a small table and a single chair tucked behind the curve of the counter where a display of mugs used to be. It’s completely hidden from the front door and looks through a gap in the equipment at the space behind the counter and the door. Jungkooks’s jaw kind of drops and he turns to find Jimin, who just happens to be hidden behind the counter.  “So, what do you want to drink?” Jimin reappears to see Jungkook staring at the little table, dumbfounded. He looks a little flustered and kind of waves him over to the table before ducking behind the fancy coffee machines. “A caramel-y thing?” Jimin hollers. There’s just enough space for Jungkook to wiggle into the chair. He smooths a hand over the dinged wood surface of the table and can’t hide the grin that steals up on him. There’s a table and a chair just for him. It’s his table. Jimin specifically moved a display and got a table and a little chair (that don’t even match all the other tables) and put it in a corner for Jungkook. So he could sit there. And hide from the cops.“Yeah,” he croaks back. He clears his throat and settles into his chair.  “It’ll cost you $3.”“I can afford it,” Jungkook reassures him, self-consciously pulling his wallet out and counting his cash again. Yup, he’s good for it. He’s even got enough to pay for that free coffee from the last time, but he’ll only use it if he can somehow pay Jimin without the man noticing. Hoseok’s coffee is delivered (and Jungkook promised Hoseok he’d pay for it, so he’s gotta do that somehow) and Jungkook doesn’t have to wait long for his own drink. Jimin places it on the tiny table with a flourish. Jungkook waves his three dollars at him. They’re quickly stowed away in the apron. It takes Jungkook a minute to realize that his coffee is the same size as it’s always been, but the price has magically dropped by $1.50.“Hey,” he starts to say, but Jimin interrupts before the question can get out. “It’s my Petty Criminal Discount.” Jimin’s definitely laughing at him. “Deal with it.”Jungkook sits and drinks his coffee and deals with it. His only regret is that there isn’t enough room at his table for Jimin to join him. ***Jungkook stumbles into Jimin’s café at ten o’clock in the morning on a Sunday. There’s quite the crowd of respectable old people filling the tables, the church crowd. They stare at him, too well bred to point, and the whispers follow him like a hissing wave. He’s used to it, dammit. It doesn’t bother him that they’re all judging him and finding him wanting. Maybe one or two are calling the police, god, like that hasn’t happened enough times. “Fuck,” he mutters, swiping at his forehead and cheeks. There’s a small trail of blood following him through the café. He finally makes it back to his hidden table and it’s almost like a physical blow to see someone else sitting there. It’s an old man with a newspaper and a large mug of tea. He doesn’t even notice Jungkook staggering to a stunned stop. His eyes are burning and he doesn’t think it’s because of dirt that got thrown in his face outside of the warehouse. It’s easy enough to shoulder his way into the tiny supply room. The single swinging door is hard to miss even though Jungkook has never been back there before. He collapses onto an upturned milk crate in the corner and leans against the sharp edges of a shelf. There’s a throbbing ache in his ribs that makes it hurt to breathe, a headache is pulsing right behind his eyes, and Jungkook’s probably covered in enough blood to look like a murderer. A fair amount, but not all of it, is his. He might be able to add broken nose and knife wound to his growing list. Jungkook closes his eyes because the single bulb is still bright enough to make them smart. His hands automatically fumble through his jacket pockets for the comforting pack of cigarettes and a lighter. It takes a while to light up because his hands are shaking so badly, but the first drag mixes the taste of ash and blood in his mouth and it feels like relief. “Jesus Christ!” The door is open, bringing a stream of fresh air. “Yoongi, look after the counter.”The cigarette is snatched out of Jungkook’s mouth before he can even open his eyes. “You know you can’t smoke in here,” Jimin admonishes, but he doesn’t sound overly angry. He crouches down so when Jungkook finally gathers to energy to look, they’re at eye level. “What the hell happened to you?” the barista quietly demands. Jungkook doesn’t want to answer in the least. It’s so stupid and he’s not a whiner. He doesn’t go crying to his mama when things don’t go his way. He can deal with this just fine by himself. Except somehow he ended up at Dark & Wild when he needed to get away and wasn’t sure where to go. “Just tell me what happened.” Jimin’s pressing a napkin into Jungkook’s hand and gently wiping at his bloody forehead with another. The corners of his eyes are wet and Jungkook isn’t sure why this is such a big deal, but he says, “There’s someone sitting at my table.” His hand flops like a landed fish when he tries to point. He sniffles a bit, but that just makes him choke on his own blood, not to mention the lighting zing of pain that zips up his nose and what feels like directly into his eyeballs.“Okay,” Jimin says. He carefully avoids Jungkook’s swelling nose and instead goes for some of the blood on his chin. “I’ll make sure no one else sits at your table from now on. I did put it there just for you, after all.”Jungkook chuckles. “I know. So I can hide from the cops.” The headache is getting worse, so he lets his head rest against the boxes and closes his eyes again.“…not exactly, though the thought did cross my mind,” Jimin admits. “Quit distracting me. What happened to you? Somebody got you good.”Jungkook thinks he might need to go to the hospital, or at least urgent care. He’s usually one to lick his own wounds, but the headache could actually be a concussion and that knife wound might need stitches. “My fr’nds, idiots Hoseok and T’hyung got caught…graffiti on some warehouse. Turns out t’be new gang t’rritory.”Hello, concussion.“We all split, but three of’em came aft’r me.”“And you didn’t go to the hospital, why?” Jimin asks sternly. He’s using that you’re-an-idiot tone of voice, but his eyes are soft.“I w’s here before I e’vn knew it,” Jungkook drawls, head feeling heavy. His stomach is roiling but Jimin probably wouldn’t appreciate puke in his back room, so he’ll try to hold on.“You crazy bastard-"  and suddenly the sound of Jimin’s voice is blurring together with the sound of his breathing and the man is saying something, practically yelling, but Jungkook can’t decipher the words. It feels like he’s falling even though he’s sitting down and then everything’s gone. Later, Jimin tells Jungkook they pulled over two separate times on the way to the hospital so he could throw up on the curb. That was after a disgusted and disturbed Yoongi had to help Jimin half-drag, half-carry his sad carcass out the back and into Jimin’s car. Jungkook remembers none of this. What he does remember is waking up in a small bed closed off from the rest of the noisy ER by a starched, white curtain. This is followed by squirming over to the side and heaving up the rest of his insides into a trash can that Jimin barely manages to grab in time. “Good morning to you, too, sunshine,” the barista says, scooting the trash can away with his foot. “Did I get hit in the head with a baseball bat? Jesus.” Jungkook wonders aloud, wincing when the pain in his nose comes back full force. Jimin straightens in his chair. “You don’t remember?” he asks anxiously. The barista looks a little ridiculous in his polo shirt and black apron stained with blood, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce. Jungkook flaps a hand at him. “No, I remember all right. If they think they’ve seen the last of me…”Too bad the threat isn’t very effective when he’s laid up in a hospital bed, covered in bruises and still not quite tracking. “Good to know there’s no more brain damage,” Jimin snorts, relaxing back into his chair. “Congratulations, though. You are now the proud owner of five stitches, a badly bruised, but not broken, nose, bruised ribs, and a low-grade concussion.”Jungkook looked over at Jimin, confused. Jimin stared at him. “So you don’t remember getting put through a bunch of tests when we first got here? Or anything you said?”He gets a shake of the head in reply.“What am I going to do with you?” Jimin mumbles into his hands. When Jungkook smiles, there’s still blood in his teeth. “Keep me.”***Dark & Wild is closed. The sign says so, as do the lowered blinds and the dim light that peeks through. The single umbrella over the patio table is wrapped up tight for the night. Jungkook exhales a final lungful of smoke before dropping the butt and extinguishing it with the toe of his shoe. Scooping the squished butt up from the sidewalk and walking it over to the nearest trash can makes him feel silly, but it’s for a good reason. That done, he strides up to the door and pulls it open, confident that it’s unlocked. The bell jingles merrily above his head. He doesn’t see Jimin so he’s probably in the small supply room or cleaning the bathroom. It makes him smile when he goes back to his table and he sees the usual paper tent that says RESERVED in all caps. There’s already a mug of coffee next to it, still steaming. He drags a chair over from the nearest table and wrestles it into the corner. The coffee is warm and sweet and caramel-y, just how he likes it. He doesn’t sit down yet, though. Instead, he pulls three dollars from his back pocket and closes them in the door of the cupboard with all the extra lids. It’s become this thing that they do. Jungkook pays for his coffee, Petty Criminal Discount included, by hiding it around the coffee shop. Jimin never wants his money, so Jungkook had to get creative. The expression on Jimin’s face when he finds the cash, the mix of fondness and exasperation, makes the ridiculous amount of money he spends at this place worth it. “Just give me a second!” Jimin calls from somewhere in the back. He jogs up to the table after a minute, not looking very looking surprised to see the second chair. He wedges himself into the corner without complaint. Their knees accidentally knock together under the table and a little bit of Jungkook’s coffee sloshes over the lip of the mug. Jimin just pulls a napkin from his apron and wipes it up. “So,” Jungkook says. “Thanks for the coffee.”“Of course,” Jimin says, grinning at him. “What would you do without your fix?”“Have more money, be less jittery from caffeine overdose…” Jungkook mumbles good-naturedly. Jimin takes a sip of his own mug of tea. “Yeah, well, I’m not the one who keeps insisting you pay. And don’t think I didn’t notice you paid me back for that first coffee on the house. I count my drawer, Jeon Jungkook. An extra $4.50 doesn’t go unnoticed.”Jungkook smiles a little and doesn’t say anything. “With you being such a good Samaritan, you might not qualify for the Petty Criminal Discount,” Jimin muses. “You haven’t even tried to light up in here since that last time when your brains were bounced off the inside of your skull like a basketball.”A self-conscious hand goes to Jungkook’s nose. The swelling’s long gone, but it was ugly for a couple of weeks. Hoseok and Taehyung were both sympathetic and apologetic when they realized Jungkook didn’t make a clean getaway. They were nice enough to bring him home from the hospital thanks to a call from Jimin. “Yeah, well.” Jungkook shrugs. Maybe he has been stealing fewer bikes and hanging out around the mall less often. Officers Donghae, Eunhyuk, and even Jiho haven’t been hassling him lately. Hell, Donghae even asked about his stitches a few days after he was released from the ER. Jungkook’s not gonna stop smoking, though, no matter how much Jimin complains about it. “If I don’t get the Criminal Discount…” Jungkook starts, “how about a Boyfriend Discount?” The last part is mumbled into his mug and he refuses to meet Jimin’s eyes. “A what discount?” Jimin asks, leaning in. Jungkook looks up at the ceiling, stalling for time. Does he actually want to clarify? Or should he let it go, fake his way out of the confession?“The what discount?” Jimin presses, planting his elbows on the tiny table and scooting forward. His smile is just a touch smug and Jungkook can’t let that stand. With a gentle push, his coffee mug is safely out of the way. Jungkook eyes Jimin for a moment, then lunges forward and pecks Jimin on the cheek. Not expecting the quick movement, Jimin yelps and jerks back. Jungkook watches the barista with big, uncertain eyes. They stare at each other for a good thirty seconds before Jimin crooks a finger at Jungkook. They both lean forward again. Jimin comes closer and closer, and when they’re about an inch apart, he whispers, “I’ll give you the Petty Criminal and the Boyfriend Discount, how about that?”Jungkook puts heroic effort into not giggling when he’s close enough to count Jimin’s eyelashes. “Then how much does a caramel-y thing cost?”“It’s free.”And then Jimin kisses him.“Good morning, Deputy,” Erica greeted Derek with a smirk as she leaned over the counter. “Catch any bad guys this lovely day?”Derek arched his eyebrow at her, knowing that Erica was up to something. “Do I want to ask why you’re being so strange this morning?”“I’m always strange,” Erica scoffed at him, as if it was an insult for him to think that today was anything different. “We have your order ready, per usual,” she continued, sliding off the counter to retrieve the tray of coffees.“Thanks,” Derek answered, pulling his wallet out of his pocket.“Would you stop that?” Erica huffed, crossing her arms over her chest, ready to turn her nose up at Derek. “You know Stiles’ policy.”“Yeah, but—”“No ifs, ands, or buts,” Erica answered. “Law enforcement gets free coffee in the mornings and nights. Stiles twisted my arm into memorizing that, so you’re going to abide by it.”Derek sighed, slipping a five-dollar bill from his wallet to place in the tip jar before putting his wallet back.“Ugh, you even tip obnoxiously,” Erica grimaced. “What’s wrong with you, Hale?” She playfully questioned.Derek faintly smiled, lingering longer than usual as he waited for any sign of Stiles.Stiles was normally the one that always hung around the counter waiting for him. He would smile and hop down from the counter, energetic and nearly jittering from the caffeine he was endlessly taking in since he opened the shop. He’d laugh and joke with Derek, asking small questions about the Sheriff’s wellbeing.A slow, all too knowing smile slowly slipped onto Erica’s lips as she leaned against the counter, looking up at Derek. “Waiting to see your boyfriend?” She purred.“He’s— We’re not dating, Erica,” Derek partially growled, stumbling through his blush.Erica wiggled her eyebrows at Derek. “You’re adorable now that you’re not just my intimidating Alpha,” she commented, slipping back off of the counter. “Stiles was right, just like a bunny.”Derek partially tensed, uncertain what Erica meant. “And that means?” He questioned, knowing that Erica would tell him the minute she saw how strangely serious he was.“You know,” Erica started, beginning to fill the cups into the dispensers. “Harmless like a bunny,” she shrugged, looking at Derek. “I think it’s the teeth, too, you know?”Derek’s eyebrow slowly arched.“Your teeth,” Erica gestured towards her own mouth, making ridiculously fake front teeth with some of the straws. “You’re not a horse or anything, but your front two teeth pop out when you smile at Stiles.”Derek subconsciously clamped his jaw tighter, stiffly nodding as he turned to leave. “I have to go.”“Goodbye to you, too!” Erica loudly called after him, obviously annoyed by his sudden dismissal of her.Derek tried to keep his wits about him, ignoring the swirling in his stomach when he looked up and saw Stiles coming out of the backroom.Stiles was talking to Erica, his features slowly falling before a chaste smile pulled at his lips. He looked out of the coffee shop’s front window, his smile blossoming when he saw Derek. He gave a shy wave to Derek as a response.Derek couldn’t stop himself from waving back to Stiles.~*~Derek kept to himself, almost walking in a daze as he handed out the coffee to the other deputies before making his way into the Sheriff’s office.The Sheriff was on the phone when Derek knocked on his door. He smiled at Derek, gesturing for him to come in.“I’ll make sure,” the Sheriff stated, an amused smile pulling at his lips. “I know,” he added. “Goodbye, son,” he sighed, promptly hanging up.Derek shyly looked at the Sheriff, knowing that he must have been talking to Stiles. He felt childish, as if he was in high school again.“How’s the case coming along?” The Sheriff asked, looking down through his glasses as he inspected his report.“I think I’m making some progress,” Derek offered, placing the coffee down on the Sheriff’s desk.“Glad to hear it,” the Sheriff answered. “I’m sure you’ll be solving it in no time,” he faintly smiled. He was proud of Derek, more so than any other deputy he trained.Derek was exceptional at his job. He worked his way up from rookie in no time, achieving a better record than some of the more seasoned deputies. Beacon Hills was a relatively small department compared to the New York branch Derek transferred from. There had been a few incidents with anti-werewolf protests that resulted poorly for the department. Derek had been implemented as the main focal point of biased and hatred, protesters claiming that he was against every non-werewolf he encountered. The truth of the matter was that Derek pissed off a lot of people who thought a born wolf shouldn’t be outshining them.That was how Derek came to be working in Beacon Hills. He moved home, much to the joy of his family. Everyone was happy to have Derek back home, away from the higher probability of injury he was the target of.Derek seemed to settle in just fine, taking the K-9 unit jokes in stride, giving back as much taunt as he received. The deputies settled down after the first few weeks, especially if the Sheriff was lingering near the bullpen, giving a disappointed glare at anyone who tried to compare Derek’s keen sense of detective skills to dog traits.“I wish there wasn’t as much controversy over what is happening,” Derek answered, still feeling uneasy about the current caseload the entire department was taking on. For a small town, Beacon Hills was inherently overwhelmed with trouble.“Things will all fall together,” the Sheriff offered. “Eventually,” he added as an afterthought.Derek lingered by the door, as if he was waiting for the Sheriff to notice him. In all honesty, Derek was still focusing his thoughts on Stiles, wondering if the Sheriff’s phone call earlier pertained at all to Stiles.“How was my son?” The Sheriff asked, looking up at Derek, his pen poised mid air as he waited for a response.“He seemed happy,” Derek replied, unsure how he was supposed to answer the Sheriff question without giving something away.“He usually is when you come in,” the Sheriff replied with a knowing smile.Derek opened his mouth to ask what the Sheriff meant, only to be cut off by a knock on the office door. He turned to see Parrish leaning his head in the doorway, a folder in his hand.“Sorry for interrupting,” Parrish uttered when he saw that Derek was staring at him in an almost daze.“That’s alright, Parrish,” the Sheriff replied, placing his pen back on his desk. “Derek and I were just chatting about the caseload.”Derek didn’t bother to correct him—sometimes Stiles did feel like part of the caseload.“We have a lead, sir,” Parrish announced, moving into the office.Derek lingered after Parrish left to track down the lead. He started to look through the files with the Sheriff, hoping to find something, when the subject of Stiles came up once again.“So, is there a reason my son’s phone number is on my coffee, and he wants me to call him?” The Sheriff questioned as he looked up over his glasses at Derek.Derek’s eyes widened as he looked at the Sheriff. “What?”The Sheriff slowly spun his coffee cup around on the desk, the coffee shop’s logo coming into view very slowly.Derek’s eyes were glued onto the coffee cup, terrified at seeing what the Sheriff was asking. His heart stuttered when he saw the beginning of the words written in Sharpie.
Call me if you want something a bit hotter, Stiles xoxox
There was a winking smiley next to a phone number.Derek felt the horror slowly taking over him, his insides twisting with the threat of causing physical illness as an excuse to leave.“I personally don’t want to know anything about my son’s extracurricular activities, even if they do include one of my deputies,” the Sheriff began when he realized Derek wasn’t going to say anything.“Sir, I’m sorry, but I didn’t even know Stiles wrote that,” Derek started, his face heating up.Derek liked working in Beacon Hills. He liked working with the Sheriff. He liked how welcoming the town was compared to the city. He was desperate not to have that all come crashing down just because Stiles wrote a flirtatious invitation on a coffee cup meant for him.“This is your coffee cup, correct?” The Sheriff pressed.“I … I think?” Derek offered, uncertain who Stiles intended the coffee for. He knew that it was his, though—Stiles always put inspirational things on his cup. But Derek had been too busy today to pay attention to the cups as he handed them out, not realizing that he was holding the Sheriff’s coffee in his hand.The Sheriff released his hold on the coffee cup as if it was hot enough to burn him. “He’s going to give me a heart attack one of these days,” he sighed, pushing the cup towards Derek. He gestured for Derek to give him his cup, which Derek happily complied.“Are you two dating?” The Sheriff asked, popping the lid off of the coffee Derek just handed him, peering inside to inspect if Stiles did in fact put at least some sort of sweetener—almond milk would even do at this point. He rifled through his draws a bit, smiling to himself when he pulled out a sugar packet from the spares he had hidden in the safety of his desk’s drawer, away from Stiles.“We haven’t really even flirted?” Derek tried to answer, not knowing why his words formed a question instead.“Son,” the Sheriff sighed, shaking the packet a bit to gage if the sugar was still good enough—he knew it was the best he was going to get. “Stiles isn’t that complicated to figure out in the end.”Derek looked up at the Sheriff, a bit surprised he was sharing this information with him.“He is open about his flirtations with people, unafraid of being embarrassed when someone rejects him,” the Sheriff explained, looking down at his coffee to make sure he managed to get all the sugar into the cup. “But it’s different with you. He actually watches what he says and does. He keeps a close eye on making sure that you are comfortable with him. And frankly, whether I like it or not, you’ve been flirting with my son for the past few months and the entire office has been subjected to it.”“Do you … mind?” Derek weakly asked, unsure if he was crossing over some unmarked bounds with the Sheriff.“I’m not a cliché overprotective father,” the Sheriff answered. “I do trust you with my life, Derek, and the lives of my deputies. But when it comes to my son, he’s the most important thing in my life.” His expression softened some, his thoughts lingering on Claudia. “You understand that I’d do anything for him.”Derek nodded, displaying his understanding.“All I ask is that you’re willing to do the same,” the Sheriff elaborated.Derek hesitated, taking in the serious turn the Sheriff’s expression took. He knew what it meant to care for another person more than himself. He knew what it felt like to lose loved ones—to feel responsible. The inherent fondness that bubbled up in Derek’s gut when he thought about having someone in his life he’d be willing to do anything for. But what Derek felt for Stiles was more than just fondness.It was an abundance of want.Derek wanted to see Stiles more, every time he went into the coffee shop. He loved listening to Stiles’ rants about the most random subjects. He couldn’t’ stop himself from smiling whenever Stiles laughed at one of his “stupid dad jokes,” as Erica called them."I think I could one day be," Derek truthfully answered. "Your son means a great deal to me. And I would like to see if we could be more."The Sheriff nodded in acceptance, leaning over his desk in order to push the coffee cup the rest of the way towards Derek. “Then I believe you have a phone call to make, deputy.”~*~Derek drummed his fingers against the steering wheel of his car, his eyes watching Stiles and Erica cleaning up the coffee shop inside. It was nearly close, Derek knowing that he should just call Stiles instead of making a bumbling idiot of himself. He sighed, telling himself that the Sheriff wouldn’t build up his hope just to have him fail miserably.Derek worked up the courage to get out of his car, running across the lot and towards the coffee shop. He reached for the door, almost jumping back when the door opened up to Erica.“Oh,” Erica smiled. “Hello, deputy,” she smirked as she suggestively wiggled her eyebrows at him.“Erica,” Derek partially grumbled.“Derek,” Stiles faintly uttered in surprise when he realized why Erica was holding the door open. He moved from the counter, hooking the towel in his small apron as he twisted his hands before getting closer to them both.“We’re closed,” Erica commented.“You can come in, though,” Stiles countered, wanting Erica to get out of the way and allow Derek to come inside.“I was about to head out,” Erica explained, looking at Stiles.“You can still head out,” Stiles answered. “I think I’m safe with a deputy,” he partially laughed, waiting for Erica to leave and stop drawing out the awkwardness of waiting.“Cool,” Erica answered, slipping out of the door and leaving Derek to grab it, preventing it from slamming shut on him. “Have a nice night you two,” she called, turning and winking at them.Stiles started awkwardly laughing. “Erica, she’s …”“I know,” Derek commented, offering Stiles a small smile.“Come on in,” Stiles fondly offered, stepping back to give Derek room.Derek walked in, closing the door behind him. He watched Stiles idly picking up the random trash some people left on the tables.“Sorry about Erica this morning,” Stiles started, throwing the trash away. “She said that you were a little annoyed when you left.”“A little,” Derek truthfully stated, his eyes tracking Stiles’ movement.“Even though she’s your beta, she can still get on your nerves, huh?” Stiles sheepishly asked. He moved behind the counter, hurriedly tapping away at the register as he started to close the system down. He hesitantly looked up at Derek when he didn’t respond to him. “Sorry. I know talking about pack stuff is like, a no no for people not in them—”“You’re part of Scott’s pack,” Derek corrected him, silently reprimanding himself for mindlessly staring at Stiles.“I’m just human, though,” Stiles answered, slightly frowning.“I’m annoyed with Erica for meddling, Stiles,” Derek stated. “I could care less that you are human talking about werewolf pack dynamics.” He saw the worry deflate from Stiles’ body. “You don’t degrade us, but actually strive to understand us. It’s refreshing.”Stiles faintly smiled at Derek. “What did Erica do that’s meddling?”“She was pressing matters about me,” Derek offered, settling his hands on his belt. “Me and dating.”Stiles’ mouth fell partially open, his words stuck in his throat as he began to panic. “Right,” he softly uttered, turning back to the screen of the register. “Well, um, she can be pretty bad,” he tried to be sympathetic, his nimble fingers pointlessly tapping against the touch screen.“She wouldn’t take my money this morning either,” Derek added, finding Stiles’ sudden quietness almost as unsettling as his own nervousness.“You know I don’t take money from officers for their morning coffee,” Stiles countered, finally looking at Derek.“Well, you could make it up to me,” Derek stated, moving closer to the counter. He traced his fingertips against the edge of the laminated top.Stiles drew in a steady breath, swallowing down the lump in his throat. “I could?”Derek nodded, releasing a faint hum. “I was thinking, instead of coffee, you’d let me buy you dinner.”Stiles licked his lips, gently biting down on his bottom lip. It was sinful, if Derek was honest. “I’d … I’d like that.”~*~Stiles couldn’t stop snorting with laughter as he rolled around on the bed, sheets precariously strewed across his body.Derek huffed in annoyance, his arms cross tight against his bare chest as he looked up at the ceiling.“I’m not— I’m not laughing at you,” Stiles wheezed, his laughs almost turning to gasps. “Der, I promise.”“It looked like your hand writing and had your scent all over it,” Derek defended himself.“I always make your coffee, of course my scent was all over it. That’s such a bad pick up line, though,” Stiles sighed, wiping the tears from his eyes as he leaned into Derek’s shoulder.“Which is why I easily thought it was from you,” Derek grumbled.Stiles playfully smacked at Derek’s chest. “I had plans to woo you, but Erica beat me to it. And I can’t believe my dad thought that I’d write that on your cup. He knew I had everything planned out.”“He’s the one that told me to ask you out,” Derek replied.“I’ll have to actually give him some sweetener for his coffee for a while as a thank you, then,” Stiles commented, pulling at Derek’s arm to make room for himself against Derek’s chest.Derek moved his arm, allowing Stiles to snuggle up under his arm. He wasn’t going to admit that he had been itching to have Stiles like this for a while, to have his arm around him and feel safe. He wouldn’t admit either that his wolf felt calm—content in having Stiles this close; in protecting him. He was more than willing to be a cuddly bunny instead of a terrifying wolf if it meant he could always wrap himself around Stiles like this.“So, was I?” Stiles asked as he yawned, his cheek smushed against Derek’s chest as he cuddled closer.“Were you what?” Derek asked, closing his eyes.“Was I hotter than your coffee?”Stiles’ burst of laughter was short lived when Derek grasped the sheet back, smothering Stiles in kisses that silenced his teasing.Derek doesn't like coffee and he doesn't like coffee shops.  They are loud and brash and full of people who think too much of themselves.  He prefers tea, thank you, and independently owned bookshops, where people sit in companionable silence and read.  But here he is, sitting in a loud, obnoxious coffee shop, trying his damnedest to focus while people drone on mindlessly on all sides of him, drinking cup after cup of low quality tea.  And why is he doing this again?  Oh right.  Because of him.  Him has a name, or at least a nickname.  Derek's heard it before, though they've never been introduced.  Stiles.  Stiles is his name.  And Stiles seems to fit him better than any other name could.  Stiles is outgoing and talkative, quick with a smile and a laugh, but not fake about it.  The guy seems genuinely interested in everyone he sees.  Everyone but Derek, that is.*Derek has been called a creeper before, and he's sure if his sister got wind of why he had changed up his writing routine, he would be called it again.  But Derek just can't help it.  It's not like he's doing anything wrong.  Hell, he's not even breaking any social rules, let alone laws.  There is nothing at all that says that he can't patronize this particular coffee shop.  He’s perfectly free to spend his money there just like everyone else.  Never mind the fact that he only set foot in the place because Stiles was there.Derek hadn't even been stalking him, the way some people might claim he had.  Derek just happened to be walking past when Stiles just happened to be sitting outside and Derek just happened to make a mental note of it and made a point of walking past at the same time the next day and, sure enough, there Stiles was, though he was at a table inside this time.  The next day Derek came back with his laptop and there he was again, laughing at the counter as he placed his order.  The sound of it had shot down Derek's back like a caress and that had been that.

So, yes, a perfectly normal chain of events with no stalking involved whatsoever.  The same sort of thing could have happened to anyone. And if maybe Derek had made a point of being there every day that Stiles happened to be there, so what?  Lots of other people happened to be there too. *The thing is, Derek is slightly socially awkward.  Always has been, always will be.  He's just... not a people person.  He is friends with who he is friends with and has zero desire to befriend anyone else.  Derek likes to consider himself a fairly decent guy, just a little standoffish and unavailable.  Still, he's nice enough once you get to know him.  And people always want to know him.  It's annoying, sometimes, but then Derek really can't complain.  Being good looking has its downfalls, sure, but it also helps to smooth out a lot of the rough edges caused by his less than stellar personality.  And it's not really that hard to get rid of the unwanted attention.  Just frown a little or shake his head and they are off like a shot.  Besides, it’s not a bad thing, getting noticed.  It gets his foot in the door, so to speak, which has come in handy many a time in his life.So he's not being arrogant when he thinks that all he has to do is sit back and wait for Stiles to come to him.  Because that's how this thing works.  Derek sees someone that interests him, then puts himself in their direct line of vision and sooner or later they come to him.  Unfortunately, that's not what's happening now.  So far he's spent about two months putting himself in Stiles's way and Stiles still hasn't so much as smiled in Derek's direction-- let alone walked over and said "hello"-- and, well, that's more than a little disheartening.  Because Derek is slightly socially awkward and doesn't know how to make anything happen from his end at all.*"So, what's the deal with you?" the barista asks, her hands on her hips and her eyes narrowed.  Derek blinks at her, his brow lowering in confusion.  "Excuse me?"She blows her bangs out of her eyes and gives him a don't-even-try-it-buddy stare.  "Look, everyone is entitled to do what they want in life and you aren't actively hurting anyone, but if you think that no one has notice you and your little pattern, you are wrong.""My little pattern," Derek repeats slowly, then shakes his head.  "I just want my tea.  Alright?""Yeah, tea. Sure.  That's what you want.  Tea.  And not, you know, Stiles Stilinski, which, by the way, is never going to happen.  Not without you making the first move.""Give. Me. My. Tea," Derek grits out through clenched teeth, ignoring the panicked feeling that's rising up in him because fuck.  How did she even know?  He's been so careful, making a point of never staring, even though he desperately wants to.  The girl rolls her eyes and flips her long red hair over her shoulder.  "Sure, whatever.  Just take your damn tea, which you don't even like, yeah, I know you don't like it.  Just like you don't like our lemon bars or our patrons and you probably don't like our music either.  So what is it that brings you here again?"  She widens her eyes and glances meaningfully over his shoulder, towards the table that Stiles is enthroned at.  "Oh yeah, now I remember.  Five foot eleven, buzzed brown hair, warm amber eyes and a mouth that just won't shut.  Sound familiar?"  She slams the plate with the lemon bar on it onto the counter and then shoves a cup full of steaming tea in his direction.  "He's a local, you know.  The sheriff's kid, if you can call a twenty-two year old a kid.  He likes jangle pop and b-movies and has a job as a video game developer or something. He’s a sweet guy, really genuinely nice, and has just as much interest in you as you do in him."Derek snorts at that, snatching his tea.  "Yeah, right.  Sure he does.  That's why he's never so much as said 'hi' to me.""Yeah," she squints at him meaningfully, "exactly."Derek isn’t exactly sure how to take that, so he just gives her one final, confused look and then makes his way over to his table.  He sets down the plate and cup, then settles himself into the chair that gives him the best view of Stiles, ignoring the way he can feel eyes on the back of his neck.  *Stiles is smiling off into space, a dreamy look on his face and his chin resting firmly on his hand.  Derek doesn't know what he's thinking about, but odds are good that it's probably not him.  Not that Derek thinks that Stiles would ever have any reason be thinking about him or anything.  Just, well, it would be nice, wouldn't it? To be the reason that Stiles is sporting that blissed out expression.  A faint blush colors Stiles's cheeks and Derek can't help but frown.  It's been his experience that only one sort of thought produces besotted looks and rosey blushes.  Derek quickly scans the room in hopes of figuring out who his rival might be, but no one instantly stands out.  Derek narrows his eyes, trying to deduce where Stiles's seemingly absent gaze is, in fact, resting, then scowls when he realizes the best bet is that cheeky barista.  Derek shifts in his seat, thinking about the way Stiles always seems a little flustered when giving his order.  His brow furrows and he jerks his attention away from the other man, forcing himself to focus on nothing but finishing his next scene.  When he next looks up, Stiles is no longer in his seat.  He is, instead, lounging against the counter, his head tipped back as he laughs at something the girl said.  It's a familiar scene, now that Derek thinks about it.  Derek mutters a curse and then slams his laptop shut without saving his work.  He shoves it into his bag and then heads out the door, leaving his half finished tea behind him.*"Sulking won't get you what you want," she says, her eyes dancing and her expression sassy.  Derek just hands over his money, not even bothering to respond.  The barista lifts an eyebrow at him, and then shakes her head before readying his order.  "He's not going to be single forever," she calls over her shoulder as she fills up a cup with hot water.  Derek growls, barely resisting the urge to tell her what she can do with her observations.  It elicits a laugh from the girl, which isn’t the typical response he gets when he growls.  But then, she’s not exactly your typical barista either.“I’m Lydia,” she says as she hands over his tea.  “Derek,” he grunts out, because it’s only polite.  “Derek,” she repeats, holding out the plate with his lemon bar on it.  “We are going to be glorious friends, once you get over yourself enough to get your man.  I can tell.”Derek snorts at that, ignoring the gentle mockery in her laughter. * Five months. Five whole months, he’s been sitting here, waiting for Stiles to make his move.  Five long, pathetic months. And nothing.  Nada.  Zip.  Zilch.  Derek could go on, but he really doesn't want to.  Not when it all adds up to a be fat NO in his column.  Derek sighs and forces himself to admit that Lydia is probably right, he's going to have to be the one to make the first move.  He's just... not good at doing that.  Derek knows he has perpetual bitchface going on and that even his closest friends sometimes have problems telling if he's pissed off or not as a result.  But that's just how his face is, damn it, and there's not really anything he can do about it.  He knows that he tends to lurk around, or at least be accused of lurking around, and the words most often associated with him are words like "dour" and "surly" and "angry" and "cold."  Not exactly the sort of words that inspire people to want to get to know him better.  Point of fact, when they aren't physically attracted to him, most people tend to go out of their way to avoid him.  Hell, even when they are physically attracted to him, people still tend to do that.  Derek doesn't mind that, he's not exactly eager to be a social butterfly.  No, he's more of a lone wolf.  Except... Except he wants Stiles like he's never wanted anyone before.  Five months of not-stalking well within hearing range has given Derek a fairly good impression of the sort of guy Stiles is: open, honest, loyal to a fault.  Sharp as a tack and possessing a wry sense of humor that's had Derek's lips twisting up on more than a few occasions.  Stiles is proudly geeky, babbling about comics and midnight releases and cons with no shame at all, not that he ought to have any in the first place.  His only major flaw, as far as Derek can tell, is that he has absolutely abysmal taste in music.  But no one is perfect and Derek thinks that they could get past the unfortunate music issue fairly easily.  All in all, Derek knows enough about Stiles to say with a great deal of certainty that they would get on rather nicely.  If only Stiles would, you know, notice him.Five months.  And nothing.*In the end Derek makes his move on accident.  Really, he does.Doing things on accident is not Derek's typical style.  He's more of a well-planned-out kind of guy, mainly because he's not the best at thinking on his feet, but still.  He typically knows what he is going to do well in advance of his actually doing it.  Not this time around, though.    Technically, it has nothing to do with Stiles.  Not at first.  Derek is in the middle of writing his fourth book and has somehow managed to write himself into a corner.  The plot twist that he thought was going to work just... isn't.  It seems too convoluted to be realistic but also manages to be trite at the same time and how that is possible, Derek has zero idea, but that it is what it is and there's no changing that.  So he's sort of just zoning out, staring off into space in hopes that something brilliant will strike him and solve his plot fail.  Nothing strikes him at all.  Nothing, that is, except for the fact that he seems to have been staring off into the space that is currently occupied by Stiles's face.  And that Stiles is sort of staring right back at him, with his lower lip caught between his teeth and a hopeful look on his face.  Derek swallows, hard, because this is it.  There's never going to be a better moment than this.  He licks his lips and clears his throat awkwardly, pushing his chair back from the table.  Stiles's eyes go impossibly wide and he lets out an eep that shouldn't be adorable, but somehow is.  He flails back in his chair, arms pinwheeling, and knocks his cup over, spilling coffee everywhere."Shit, shit shit," he says, popping out of his seat and dashing towards the condiment stand.  He grabs a handful of napkins and rushes back, a stricken expression on his face.  "Oh, baby, no.  Don't do this to me," he pleads as he attempts to soak up the mess.  Derek hesitates for a moment, half-way between standing and sitting, then shakes his head and makes his way to Stiles's side, bemused by the frantic, desperate note that has crept into the other man's tone.He stands there-- feeling completely out of place-- waiting for Stiles to acknowledge him, frowning as the minutes pass without any sign from the other man that he even notices Derek at all.  Finally Derek has to resort to clearing his throat again, which causes Stiles to startle again before spinning around to face Derek.  He blinks rapidly for a moment, then he glares at Derek as if Derek is the cause of all the world's troubles, his typically carefree expression replaced with a scowl. "Um, hi,” he snaps, his tone sarcastic, “can you kind of stop doing that?  I've already destroyed one majorly important thing today and having you be all darkly handsome and brooding at my shoulder is only going to end in me damaging something else vital to my life.  Like my brain or something.  God, what are you even doing with your eyebrows right now?" He leans close to Derek, face screwed up in confusion as he studies Derek’s eyebrows like they hold the answer to the meaning of life.  Derek takes a cautious step back, not knowing what to make of that.  Stiles lets out a prolonged sigh and shakes his head.  "Yeah, totally going to end in me damaging myself. So, um, could you go be sinfully attractive somewhere else for a bit?  At least until I figure out if this situation is salvageable?  Because focusing on anything other than you is going to be pretty much impossible if you don't."Derek’s still not one hundred percent clear on what is going on in Stiles’s head, but he does know that “darkly handsome” and “sinfully attractive” are not bad things to be called.  Not bad at all.  So he can’t help but smile when he says, "No, I don't think I will."Stiles snorts, rolling his eyes dramatically before turning back to his clearly hopeless efforts at saving his laptop.Derek frowns, because no.  Stiles is supposed to be paying attention to him right now, thank you very much, not some coffee soaked machine.  "Just, stop already and look at me, Stiles."Stiles doesn’t look up.  "Busy right now." He leans closer to his laptop and starts whispering things to it about how good he’ll be to it if it will just please work already in a low, almost sultry voice.  And damn if hearing Stiles talk like that isn’t making Derek’s ears burn and his jeans feel too tight. Derek can’t help but reach out, putting his hand on top of Stiles's, forcing his attention back to Derek.  "I'll buy you a new one," he says, because, honestly, he’d buy a whole shop full of computers if it would get Stiles to talk to him like that.  "Just, stop already.  I've been trying to get you to notice at me for months.  There's no way in hell I'm walking away now that you have."Stiles gives him an are-you-crazy look, his mouth falling open as his head tilts to the side.  “Huh?”Derek rubs his thumb over the back of Stiles’s hand and is pleased to see the other man’s pupils dilate, to hear him suck in a shaky breath.  “I’m Derek,” he says, because he feels like now is a great time to introduce himself.Stiles swallows and then nods.  “I know.”Derek grins wolfishly at that, because that’s proof positive that Stiles had been paying attention to him after all.  Derek slowly brings his other hand up to cup Stiles’s face, giving the other man plenty of time to object.  When he doesn’t, Derek decides to go for the kill.  There’s no point beating around the bush about something, not when Derek is so very certain about what it is he wants.  Stiles’s lips are soft against his, parting easily, letting Derek inside.  He tastes like coffee, almonds and whipped cream, with just the barest hint of something else.  Something that is pure Stiles.  Derek licks at the inside of Stiles's mouth, chasing down that taste.  Stiles's hands come up to fist in the fabric of Derek's jacket, pulling him in close, and yes.  That is exactly what Derek was hoping would happen.  Stiles's lets out a breathy little moan as Derek rocks against him and the sound of it sends shivers down Derek's spine.  Derek wraps a hand around Stiles's hip, tugging him nearer still and Stiles gives a sharp gasp in response that has Derek grinning into his mouth.  A wolf-whistle rends the air and Derek jerks back, breaking the kiss.  Lydia, he thinks, but he refuses to look away from Stiles long enough to confirm his suspicions.  Not when Stiles is staring up at him with a dazed look on his face.  His mouth is still hanging open, his eyes are so wide, and Derek can’t help but smirk.  "Tall, Dark, and Brooding isn't the half of it," he says, one hand relinquishing its grip on Derek’s jacket to touch his bottom lip.Derek swallows hard, hand tightening on Stiles’s hip.  “Shut up,” he murmurs, pushing Stiles's hand aside before angling his head to close the scant distance between their lips.Almost as soon as his tattoo appears, Enjolras figures out a way to avoid finding his soulmate.Courfeyrac makes fun of him for it, and Combeferre just shakes his head and sighs, and both of them say that he'll never be able to keep it up forever, but Enjolras is nothing if not determined. (And incredibly stubborn, as his friends are so quick to point out).But even they can't deny that Enjolras' methods have kept him safe from the whole soulmate business for years now and, as long as he's careful, should keep him from having to bother with that nonsense forever. And it is nonsense; the whole idea that a tattoo with some random phrase is what determines the person you should spend the rest of your life with is completely ridiculous to him. Enjolras doesn't understand how more people don't see it for what it is – just another old, archaic system that turns people into sheep, that keeps them chained to tradition and distracts them from focusing on what's really important in the world – on the things that they could change, if only they paid attention and did something about them. It baffles Enjolras that even the most intelligent people he knows go along with it – even people like Combeferre and Courfeyrac, though to be fair, they ended up being each other's soulmates. Enjolras could see why they would be happy with the way everything turned out.So, all right, even he has to admit that occasionally the soulmate thing works. Well, more than just occasionally, if he's being truly honest with himself. Enjolras has eyes, and the fact that most of his friends have found their soulmates and appear to be perfectly content hasn't escaped his attention. But that doesn't mean that he has to bother with it himself. Enjolras has a whole world to change, and he doesn't want or need the distraction of a soulmate. Luckily for him, the very nature of his tattoo ensures that the whole idiotic process is something that he could easily avoid.He's always assumed that the large, looping letters that form how do you spell that? just below his ribcage have something to do with his name. And so whenever he must give his name in any professional or official setting – at school, or at the doctor's office, or when he's at the police station being detained for leading a protest – he makes sure to spell out his name right from the start so there isn't any confusion (and no chance that his soulmate will end up being a cop). At other times, and in more casual settings, he uses a fake name more often than not – a nice, short, easy to spell name that no one could ever possibly question.  As a whole, Enjolras' system works incredibly well. He's only ever had one scare, and that was when Marius made a reservation at some fancy restaurant for Cosette's 21st birthday. When Enjolras asked for her table, there was one heart-stopping moment when the ancient maître-d peered down at his book and said, "How do you spell… Cosette?" Joly had been right behind him when it happened, and had nearly pissed himself laughing at Enjolras' horrified face.But with only that one near-mishap in his experience, it's no wonder that Enjolras doesn't think anything of it when he steps into his favorite coffee shop one morning and sees a new barista in place of Eponine. He places his regular order (a latte with three shots of espresso, because if Enjolras has to be awake at this hour he's going to need some help) and gives his usual pseudonym (Tom). And then, just as he's moving down the counter to wait for his coffee, disaster strikes."How do you spell that?"Enjolras feels the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end as he slowly turns to face the barista. By some early morning miracle they are the only two people in the shop, so there's no chance that the question might have been directed to someone else. He stares hard at the barista as he reaches for a cup, his eyes darting between the guy's dark curls and stubbled jaw before finally settling on the nametag he's wearing (Grantaire, Enjolras notes distantly, and that looping scrawl spelling out his name looks horribly familiar), and finds himself speechless for the first time in his life due to sheer panic. "You can't be serious," he manages after a long moment, because a) is this really happening right now, b) how does someone not know how to spell Tom, and c) is his soulmate really someone that can't spell Tom???? (This is why Enjolras needs to tear down the old world order)."Well, yeah," says Grantaire, not even looking at him as he uncaps a sharpie with his teeth (and there's no way that Enjolras should find that even a little bit hot, it's unsanitary and gross and why is it making him blush, this soulmate crap is the absolute worst) and poises it over the cup. "I mean, your name could be spelled T-O-M or it could be T-H-O-M and everyone always gets my name wrong so I guess I'm sensitive – oh my god wait, what did you just say?"  Grantaire doesn't get up this early for just anyone, but when Eponine asks him to switch shifts with her – there's some crisis involving Gavroche and her parents that makes her look brittle with stress and exhaustion, and Grantaire always hates seeing her like that – of course he says yes.Anyway, working at the café at this extremely early hour isn't as bad as he expected. The morning rush hasn't started yet, and the few people that trickle in are quieter and more subdued than the ones Grantaire gets in the late afternoons or evenings when he's usually working. Best of all, so far no one has lingered longer than the time it takes him to prepare their drinks so Grantaire has the place all to himself. He sneakily props his sketchpad against the espresso machine, out of sight of anyone on the other side of the counter, and the lag time between customers allows him to put the finishing touches on a couple of pieces that he has to turn in to his professor that afternoon.He's nearly finished when the door opens and he glances up just in time to see what could only be a mythical creature walk into the café. The guy looks like a museum piece come to life – all golden Renaissance curls like some kind of righteous angel descending from the heavens with trumpeters playing in the background, or maybe he's more like a Greek statue with his flawless skin and perfect profile. Grantaire can't decide, and he knows that he's staring with his jaw literally dropped like an absolute idiot but he can't help it. He's torn between hoping that this guy will stay for a while so that he can just look at him, and wishing that he'd leave quickly so he could sketch him without feeling like a total creep.But first he has a job to do, and it takes every effort for Grantaire to say hello and ask for his order like a normal human being. The guy is either completely oblivious or else really used to everyone fawning over him all the time because he doesn't appear to notice that Grantaire is blushing and stammering at him. Whatever it is, Grantaire's grateful, and forces himself to look away as he keys in the order on the register and takes the guy's money. Grantaire hands him his change, blushes harder when their fingers briefly touch, and sternly tells himself not to say anything foolish. "What's your name?" he asks instead, even though it's not necessary – they only ever ask for names when the café is very busy, but Grantaire is not letting this opportunity pass him by."Tom," the guy says and, okay, Grantaire knows it's ridiculous but he can't help feeling a little disappointed. Tom seems too average a name for someone who looks like that."How do you spell that?" he says, still not trusting himself to look at him. There's an incredibly long pause, and Grantaire's about to glance over and see if the guy pulled on some earbuds or is just ignoring him when the answer finally comes."You can't be serious."There's a note of disdain in his voice, and surprise, and something else that sounds like panic, but that doesn't make any sense. At least Grantaire knows now that the guy's an asshole. Really, he shouldn't be surprised; it's the sort of thing that always happens to him. "Well, yeah," he says, sighing inwardly as he uncaps his sharpie. "I mean, your name could be spelled T-O-M or it could be T-H-O-M and everyone always gets my name wrong so I guess I'm sensitive – oh my god wait, what did you just say?" And here Grantaire lets his sharpie fall to the floor with a clatter because he has you can't be serious tattooed above his ankle and he's spent so much of his life trying to figure it out, forever waffling between being serious and being as flippant as possible, always trying to determine which path would best help him thwart the whole soulmate thing (because really, who would want to be stuck with someone like him?) and it happened anyway. At work. With a gorgeous jerk named Tom.Who, when Grantaire finally meets his eyes, looks stunned and confused and has gone very, very red in the face. "I can't believe this," he says before turning away to sink into the nearest chair and bury his head in his hands.And, ouch, Grantaire's always expected to be a disappointment to his soulmate but this hurts a little more than he anticipated. Still, he feels for the guy and hesitates for a moment before he goes over to the door and locks it, flipping the open sign to closed for good measure. Eponine will have his head if she finds out, but hey, it's not every day that you have to console your soulmate because they have the misfortune of being stuck with you.Grantaire hesitates again as he approaches the table before finally taking a seat next to Tom (and he still can't get used to that name, it just sounds wrong somehow). He's still hunched miserably in his chair and doesn't acknowledge Grantaire's presence even when he clears his throat a few times. At least he isn't crying. Yet."Look," Grantaire says at last, never feeling more awkward than he does at that moment. "I know I'm not a prize. I don't blame you for being disappointed, and I don't expect you to go along with this." And Grantaire gets it, he really does, especially when he imagines how he must look to this guy – dark circles under his eyes from lack of sleep, two days of stubble because he couldn't be bothered to shave, and hair in complete disarray because he can't remember the last time he got it cut. "What?" the guy says, finally tearing his hands away from his face and sitting up properly. His gaze, when it meets Grantaire's, seems genuinely perplexed. "That's not what I was thinking at all."Grantaire can't help laughing at that. "Yeah, right." The guy is glaring at him now, and has the nerve to look insulted, which only makes Grantaire laugh harder. "Well, if that's what you want to tell yourself, fine. But like I said, I don't blame you. It's a fucked up system. I mean, why should having some random tattoos on our bodies mean that we're soulmates?" An unpleasant thought suddenly occurs to him. "Um, you do have a tattoo somewhere, right? I haven't just misread the whole situation, have I?"The affronted glare is gone now, replaced by some very intense staring. Avenging angel it is, Grantaire decides, half expecting a whole choir of them to crash through the windows at any moment. The day has been weird enough already. But then it gets even weirder, because he lifts up his shirt – Grantaire's mind whites out around the edges as he wonders why this guy is stripping in the middle of the café, and then wonders why he's questioning his good fortune – and wait, he's not actually undressing, he's only showing Grantaire the tattoo just beneath his ribs on the right side. How do you spell that?, in Grantaire's own handwriting. He can't help staring at it for a long moment, because if this is his one chance to see it then Grantaire needs to do everything in his power to remember what it looks like. And then, because it's only fair, he rolls up the cuff of his jeans to show off his own tattoo."That's my writing," the guy says, letting his shirt drop (much to Grantaire's disappointment) in order to lean forward and peer down at the small, crabbed letters forming, You can't be serious. His expression shifts into something that looks like awe before the intense look suddenly returns, and it's directed right at Grantaire. "Did you mean what you said before? About soulmates?"Despite everything Grantaire feels his heart sink a little because he knows what this is – a way for both of them to let each other off the hook and go their separate ways, and as much as Grantaire has always dreaded meeting his soulmate and has always expected it to go horribly wrong, knowing that it's really turning out like this is discouraging."Yeah," Grantaire says, thinking that he might as well get it over with quickly. "If more people stopped to think about it instead of clinging on to tradition, I think they'd see how absurd the whole thing is."The guy is nodding already like he's in complete agreement and this is an old, familiar rant for Grantaire, one that his friends have heard dozens of times, so it's almost easy to ignore his crushing feelings of disappointment and plunge on. "Especially when you consider how many people have hi or hey as a tattoo, I mean, how does that even work when there are literally hundreds or thousands of potential soulmates out there? I guess you could match the handwritings but if it's someone you met in kindergarten, what then? It's a faulty system and, okay, it works most of the time and I wouldn't want to take away anyone's happiness or anything, but I think there should be more choice involved and less blind acceptance of… and I'll just shut up now," Grantaire concludes, because the guy's stare has grown even more intense, if that's possible, and he's gazing at Grantaire like he's – proud, or pleased, or maybe even a little bit infatuated, and Grantaire would give anything to have that look directed at him every day but it can't be right at all; he must be imagining it. But maybe Grantaire isn't so far off the mark because guy says, "I never expected – I never thought I'd meet–" He trails off abruptly and closes his eyes as if he's trying to gather his thoughts, and when he opens them again he looks at Grantaire like he's seeing him for the first time. "Oh fuck it, I could kiss you right now."Of all the reactions Grantaire expected, that definitely isn't one of them. "WHAT." "Would you mind it if I did?" he asks, and he's actually fidgeting with his hands, restlessly curling his fingers around each other and the edge of the table like he's nervous or something.Grantaire feels a hysterical laugh bubbling in his chest at the thought. "Are you kidding me? Of course I wouldn't mind. Has anyone ever minded kissing you? Because I can't imagine that."The guy narrows his eyes. "I don't want you to think that you have to, just because of the whole soulmate thing. That would go against everything I believe in. I agree with you that everyone should have a choice–""Good, because I'm choosing this," Grantaire says, and he has no idea what's going on but he's not passing up a chance to pull this guy into a kiss.When the kiss ends Enjolras is out of breath and sprawled half in Grantaire's lap. He doesn't really want to move but thinks it's probably the polite thing to do, only when he tries to return to his own chair Grantaire tugs him even closer. He's not looking at Enjolras, though; Grantaire's got his face pressed to Enjolras' neck and Enjolras can feel his curls brushing against his jaw and all of it is so distracting that he just blurts the first thing that comes to mind. "My name isn't Tom.""Thank god," Grantaire says, his voice muffled because he doesn't seem inclined to move any time soon. "I mean, what? Really?""It's just a name I used to keep from finding my soulmate." It strikes Enjolras that that's probably not the best thing to say to the person that happens to be his soulmate, and Courfeyrac and Combeferre would certainly remind him that he's being insensitive again, but luckily he feels Grantaire's answering smile against his neck."That worked so well for you," Grantaire says, and Enjolras loves that he can hear the grin in his voice, too. "Are you going to tell me your real name or do I have to guess?""It's Enjolras," he says, and it feels so strange just to say it without spelling it first but he supposes he's going to have to get used to that now. He will have to get used to a lot of new things, actually."Enjolras?" Grantaire laughs and sits up to meet his gaze, and this close his eyes are such a bright blue that Enjolras can't believe he didn't notice them earlier. "I was Joly and Bossuet's roommate last semester. They're always trying to get me to come to your meetings.""I thought they said their roommate's name was R," Enjolras says, because he remembers hearing about that roommate, the art student that moved out when Joly and Bossuet finally found Musichetta because there wasn't enough room for everyone, and he knows he would have remembered a name like Grantaire.Grantaire shrugs and mumbles something that sounds suspiciously like, "Pun." Enjolras can't keep from smiling, especially when Grantaire adds, "I might have to come to one of those meetings now.""Is that so?""There's this guy, I think his name is Tom? I'd like to get to know him better." Grantaire meets Enjolras' grin with one of his own, though it falters a little after a moment. "I meant what I said before, you know. You don't have to go along with this if you don't want to."An hour ago Enjolras would have expected to jump at the chance, but now the thought makes him feel oddly resistant. Still, he has to give Grantaire the same opportunity to choose. "Neither do you.""I'm not the one that was using a fake name to avoid meeting my soulmate," Grantaire points out, and he has Enjolras there. "I don't think I will ever change my mind entirely about soulmates," Enjolras says slowly, thinking it through, and he doesn't imagine the way that Grantaire ducks his head to hide his disappointed expression. The sight makes Enjolras' heart clench in a way he isn't used to and he doesn't quite know what to make of that just yet, so he keeps talking. "I don't think any of this will stop me from trying to help people realize that they have a choice in the matter. But… I also used to think that having a soulmate would be a distraction that I didn't have time for. I was certain that a soulmate would keep me from focusing on the cause.""And now?" Grantaire says quietly, as if he isn't sure that he wants to hear the answer."You're already a distraction," Enjolras says, because it's the truth, even if it makes Grantaire lower his head even more. "But one I could make time for – one that I want to make time for.""Do you really mean that?" The undisguised hope in Grantaire's eyes when he finally looks up makes something warm and happy bloom in Enjolras' chest, and he can think of no better response than tugging Grantaire into another kiss.Jimin has come to terms with the fact that he has really bad tastes in friends. Separately, Taehyung and Jungkook weren’t too bad, maybe even tolerable on good days. But put them together and Jimin had a radioactive concoction for regret and suffering. Taehyung was unpredictable, the type of friend who could either fight off thieves trying to steal his wallet, or be one of the thieves trying to steal his wallet. Jimin was never sure which type Taehyung would be. Jungkook wasn’t really any better. He got a sick sort of pleasure from teasing Jimin relentlessly. If he wasn’t insulting the dancer about his height – “I’m not that short!” – then he was teasing Jimin about the crush he had developed on one of their regular customers. Min Yoongi. The music composition student from their university who loved dark roasted coffees and hated early morning classes with a passion. Jimin fell in love the minute Yoongi sleepily mumbled his order in his slurred drawl. He’d been standing behind the register during that particular shift, Taehyung at the coffee machine, and Jin flitting from table to table, conversing with the customers and actively avoiding having to sit in front of his computer screen and checking his accounts. Jin opened his coffee shop a couple of months after finishing his degree, saying he had come to like the small college town they lived in, and was in no hurry to leave. Jimin knew Jin just had a massive soft spot for Kim Namjoon, the mathematics nerd who had, in his first year, accidentally unplugged Jin’s computer from the wall socket in the library before he could save his twenty-page essay. Jin had been furious, yelling all sorts of obscenities as Namjoon apologised continuously before both he and Namjoon had been kicked out of the library for being too loud. Namjoon had later made it up to Jin by writing the whole essay himself, references included. Jin was so endeared he had forgiven Namjoon, refusing to hand in the re-written essay (“I’m not submitting something that wasn’t written by me”) before they got to know each other over a plate of fried chicken at the cafeteria. Jimin thought it was cute. Taehyung gagged. And Jimin had hit him over the head for it. It was one of the rare mornings where very few customers were coming in, the shop almost completely deserted except for a girl sitting at a table typing away on her laptop and a couple sat in one of the corner booths, sitting so close to each other that Jimin was having a hard time discerning one from the other. He chose to block out the obnoxiously loud kissing noises. Nope. He did not need to be scarred so early in the morning. Jimin was almost happy when the flood of college kids came rushing into the café, eager to get their daily dose of caffeine before heading off to their morning lectures. Some of them were still in their pyjamas, dark circles under their eyes, and hair mussed from sleep. Jimin could relate to those customers on a spiritual level. “Hey Jimin.” Jimin looked up from the register, after having placed the cash into the till, to stare at Jungkook’s smiling face. The smile he had ready immediately dropped. “Oh, it’s just you.” Jungkook pouted. “What? Aren’t you happy to see me?” “Why would I be?” “Because I’m your favourite dongsaeng,” Jungkook said, smiling wide. His large front teeth were proudly on display and Jimin would have considered it cute if Jungkook wasn’t always such a massive pain in his ass. “You’re my only dongsaeng,” Jimin replied, grabbing a paper cup from the stack near the coffee machine to write Jungkook’s name on it. “Not true,” Jungkook said, handing over the correct change, “Tae-hyung’s your dongsaeng too.” Jimin waved him off. “Doesn’t count. And a good dongsaeng would call me hyung.” Jungkook laughed and Jimin wanted to hit him. “You’re cute, hyung.” Jimin clicked his tongue, sending a death glare in Jungkook’s direction. But the artist had already moved to the next counter, where Taehyung was busy preparing his hot chocolate to notice. On any other day, Jimin would have continued to stay annoyed but the sappy heart eyes Jungkook was sending to Taehyung made him sigh and shake his head. The kid was so far gone for his best friend it wasn’t funny anymore. Anyone with two functioning eyes could see how infatuated the younger was with the barista, yet the only one to not see it was Taehyung. He almost felt sorry for Jungkook but when he remembered all the times the younger had teased him about his height, the sudden compassion morphed into spite. Serves him right, he thought before he heard someone clear their throat. “Uh, is the register open?” Turning back to the customers waiting, Jimin felt the air rush out of his lungs as he stared into the eyes of quite possibly the most beautiful man he had ever seen. His eyes drooped slightly, though they remained sharp and focused, his thin, pink lips were drawn into a slight pout, and his pale skin looked like snow. His mop of black hair sat messily on top of his head and Jimin noted with glee that they were almost the same height, the customer only standing a centimetre or two taller than him. Closing his mouth as quickly as he could – and praying to the gods that he hadn’t been drooling – Jimin flashed the customer his brightest smile. “Yes,” he said, mentally patting himself on the back when his voice hadn’t cracked, “what can I get for you?” The man took a few minutes to read the menu hanging above Jimin’s head before his eyes focused back on him. Jimin had to remind himself how to breathe. “I’ll have a large americano. No sugar.” Jimin blinked. “No sugar?” The man nodded. “No sugar.” Keying in the customer’s order, Jimin nodded, still wondering how anyone could drink coffee with no sugar. Grabbing a cup off the shelf, Jimin took the pen from his pocket, hand poised over the cup. “What name should I write?” he asked, hoping he didn’t sound too eager to hear the answer. He didn’t want to seem desperate. “Yoongi,” the man said and Jimin wanted to die. His voice was low, gravelly, and there was a slight slur to his words that made Jimin’s insides turn to mush. “Yoongi. Okay,” he replied, writing the name as neatly as he could before handing it over to Taehyung, “please wait over by that counter. Taehyung will have your drink ready in a moment.” Once Yoongi had moved away from the counter, after paying for the drink, Jimin let out a breath before moving on to the next customer. He expected Yoongi to leave once he had his coffee but when he sat down at one of the tables by the window, Jimin was never happier to be wrong. Unfortunately, both Jungkook and Taehyung had noticed his budding crush and the moment Yoongi left the coffee shop, they had pounced on him. “So,” Taehyung said when there was a lull in customers, “we had some pretty interesting people walk in today.” He shared a look with Jungkook, who had sat at one of the bar stools at the counter. “Very interesting.” Jungkook turned to stare at Jimin. “Was there anyone who caught your eye, hyung?” Jimin clenched his teeth. Jungkook only called him that when he was being teased. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said, taking a dish towel from the hook behind him and began to wipe the counter down with it. He wanted to avoid this conversation and looking busy seemed to be his only option. “Really? ‘Cos I noticed someone,” Taehyung said, ignoring the throbbing vein in Jimin’s neck. “What did he look like again, Kookie?” Jungkook hummed. “Kinda short, with messy black hair and droopy eyes.” “Ah, yes, that’s the one,” Taehyung replied, snapping his finger. He eyed Jimin, a large Cheshire-like grin appearing on his face. “You really don’t remember him, Jimin? Because I could have sworn the minute you saw him, you wanted to get into his pants.” Jimin really wanted to punch Taehyung but Jin was still wandering around the coffee shop and he didn’t want to lose his job just because his best friend was being a little shit. “You’re disgusting, Tae.” Taehyung stuck his tongue out the corner of his mouth, smiling at Jimin in a way that made his skin crawl. “I wasn’t the one ready to pounce on one of my customers,” he replied, leaning against the counter. Jimin shot Jungkook a quick glance, noticing the slight frown on the younger’s face. “I didn’t want to pounce him, Tae.” “Sure, sure. Whatever you say, Jiminie.” “Oh my god, Taehyung, just shut up already.” Jimin turned to hang the dishcloth back onto its hook. “Oh! I’ve got an idea,” Jungkook said, leaning over the counter. “Why don’t we play a game? If you win, we’ll never bring up the subject of you crushing on Yoongi-ssi again.” This piqued Jimin’s interest. “And what happens if I lose?” Jungkook smiled. Jimin didn’t trust it. “If you lose, then you have to say five pickup lines to the guy.” Jimin’s gut had never led him astray. “You’re kidding, right?” he asked. “Nope,” Jungkook said, popping the ‘p’. That’s when Taehyung decided to join in on the conversation. “And we get to pick which lines you say.” Jimin knew this was a bad idea. He should have refused, should have called them idiots before walking away but the thought that their teasing might finally come to an end was so very enticing. Enticing enough that he ignored his bad luck with games and agreed. And when he drew paper for the third time, as both Jungkook and Taehyung had presented scissors, he knew he had screwed up.  --  Jimin was sitting in his Contemporary Dance lecture when Taehyung had messaged him with the first pickup line. Rummaging through his hoodie pocket for his phone and trying to discreetly look at it without the lecturer noticing, he felt his blood run cold when he read the first text. 
Tae-Tae:
Chim!I found the perfect line. 
Jimin:
Are you seriously making me do this? 
Tae-Tae:
Of course we are.You lost so you have to take your punishment like a man. Jimin groaned, smiling sheepishly to the girl sitting a few seats away who was giving him odd looks. 
Jimin:
I hate you. You know that right. 
Tae-Tae:
Yeah, yeah. I know.Anyway, here’s the line.‘Your dad must be a drug dealer, cos you’re dope’. Jimin wanted to bang his head against the table. He should have known they were going to choose only the most embarrassing ones. He cringed as he read it. 
Jimin:
I’m not saying that!Are you crazy? A commotion brought him away from his phone then and when he looked up, he noticed the rest of his classmates were packing their things away. He was so caught up in the messages, he hadn’t realised the class was over and as he was leaving the lecture hall, he noticed the lecturer was giving him a stern stare. Blushing at having been caught, he ducked his head in apology before following the rest of the students out of the room. His phone vibrated in his pocket as he was leaving the building. 
Tae-Tae:
If you don’t say it, then me and Kookie will tell Yoongi-ssi about your crush.Don’t think we won’t. Jimin sighed. He needed to find new friends. 
Jimin:
Fine.You guys are such assholes. 
Tae-Tae:
Love you too, Chim! Jimin scoffed as he pocketed his phone. He really needed to find new friends. He was so busy contemplating the merits of becoming a hermit he didn’t notice the other person walking in his direction, who was also distracted by his phone. They collided in the middle of the footpath, shoulders bumping painfully. The impact was so sudden, Jimin didn’t have time to brace himself as he landed on his backside in front of the whole campus. Whispers and laughter rung in his ears as his face burned in embarrassment, his cheeks turning a brilliant shade of red. “Ah, shit. The fuck?” Jimin knew that voice. The low, gravelly slur he had committed to memory and was on constant replay in his dreams every night. And when he looked up, he met a pair of cat-like eyes. His cheeks felt like they were on fire. “Ah, Yoongi-ssi,” he said, “I’m sorry, I didn’t see you.” Yoongi raised an eyebrow, looking down at Jimin in amusement. “It’s okay. I wasn’t really looking either.” He cocked his head to the side, the amusement in his eyes still present. “Is the ground comfortable?” Jimin blinked. “Huh?” Yoongi’s lips quirked up into a smirk, his eyes glinting mischievously and Jimin wanted to die. It was unfair just how attractive the elder was. “Usually, when someone falls, they get up again.” Jimin’s eyes widened, only now noticing he was still sitting on the footpath, the dull ache at the base of his spine pushed to the back of his mind. His crush was standing in front of him, looking at him like he was the most amusing thing on the planet, and all he could do was sit and stare like an idiot. Scrambling to his feet as quickly as he could, he tried to look a little less flustered than he felt. Though with the heat spreading to his neck and ears, he had a sneaking suspicion it wasn’t working. “You okay, though?” Yoongi asked, his amusement replaced by concern. “That looked like it hurt.” Jimin’s heart clenched, touched that Yoongi would ask about his well-being. “Yeah, I’m fine,” Jimin said, dusting off the back of his pants, “I’ve had worse falls.” Yoongi grunted, his eyes traveling over Jimin’s body, looking for any obvious injuries. “Good.” He paused then cleared his throat. “And call me hyung.” “Really?” Jimin asked. Yoongi shrugged one shoulder. “Sure. I’ve bought enough coffees from you to be past the point of polite honorifics, Jimin-ah.” Jimin hoped a person couldn’t die from blushing because at the rate he was going, he was sure he would be the first case. Ducking his head shyly, he smiled to himself as he mouthed Yoongi’s name to himself, the syllables falling from his mouth naturally. Like they were meant to be said by him. “Okay, Yoongi-hyung,” he said, once he was confident enough to say it aloud. Yoongi smiled then, and Jimin had never seen a more beautiful sight because the way Yoongi’s lips stretched wide and showed off his pink gums took his breath away. Jimin wanted to see that smile every day. Yoongi nodded, satisfied. “Well,” he said as he made to move around Jimin, “I’ve got a class soon so I’ve gotta get going. I’ll see you around, Jimin-ah.” Jimin knew this was his chance. He didn’t know when he would see Yoongi again after this so before he could back out, he grabbed the elder’s wrist as he walked by. Jerking at the sudden tug, Yoongi turned to Jimin, mouth open. “Wha-” “I’m sorry. Please just ignore this but I’ve got to say it.” Taking a deep breath, Jimin closed his eyes. He didn’t want to see Yoongi’s reaction. “Your dad must be a drug dealer, ‘cause you’re dope.” Before Yoongi could say anything else, Jimin let go of his wrist like it was on fire, bowed low and was sprinting away as fast as he could, like the hounds of hell were after him. Jimin didn’t turn back, even as Yoongi called after him, the confusion in his voice noticeable. Oh god, he thought, oh god oh god oh god! He only stopped running when he was in his room, closing the door with a bang and jumping onto his bed to bury his face in his pillows. If he was lucky, he would suffocate himself and never have to deal with the embarrassment. It wasn’t until he was sitting down to have dinner that he realised he had said a pickup line to Yoongi (his crush) with a campus full of students watching the interaction.  --  “It was so humiliating!” Jimin said as he wiped at one of the tables in the café. After running away, he spent the next three days holed up in his room and only left to go to classes. He’d even called Jin and told him he wouldn’t be able to make it into work, too mortified to show his face around campus. Taehyung cackled from his place at the coffee machine while Jin snickered to himself at the register. Jimin had been retelling his encounter with Yoongi as he cleaned tables, blushing furiously the whole time. “Oh, come on Chim. It couldn’t have been that bad,” Taehyung said as he handed the customer her coffee. He waved her goodbye as she left the café before cleaning up the machine and turning to face Jimin. “It was. It really was,” Jimin insisted and groaned. “And the worst part was how I just ran. I couldn’t even look him in the eye afterwards.” “I still don’t see why you had to take time off work just for that though,” Jin said. He came around the counter when it was clear there weren’t going to be any more customers and took a seat at one of the tables. Jimin scowled at him as he placed his arms on the newly polished surface. “I couldn’t face anyone, hyung! The entire college population saw the whole thing,” Jimin said, burying his face in his hands. “I had to sneak around buildings and hide behind trees just to avoid having to bump into Yoongi-hyung.” Jimin heard Taehyung hum from where he was standing but didn’t want to remove his hands from his face to look at his friend. “What’s this?” Taehyung said and Jimin could hear the teasing lilt in his voice. “Since when was he ‘hyung’ to you?” Jimin felt his face heat up again and he was sure his pink cheeks were visible through the gaps in his fingers. Jin, who he thought had his back like the good hyung he should have been, laughed and clapped his hands. “Well aren’t you two getting close,” Jin said. Jimin grumbled to himself as he moved on to the next table. “You guys are such assholes. I don’t know why I tell you anything.” Jimin felt a pair of bony arms wrap around his shoulders then and he squirmed, trying to free himself. “Don’t be like that, Chim,” Taehyung said, tightening his arms around Jimin’s shorter frame. “We’re only teasing.” He paused. “So when did he give you permission to call him hyung anyway?” Jimin stopped trying to escape the hug and just shuffled around the table, wiping it down as best he could with Taehyung hanging off his back. “Right before I ruined it all with that stupid pickup line” he replied, relieved when Taehyung decided to let go. “He said I should call him hyung because he’s bought enough coffees off me to stop using formal honorifics.” Jin cooed, resting his chin on his palms. “That’s so cute. I didn’t know Yoongi could be that adorable.” That caught Jimin’s attention and he turned to face Jin completely, the table forgotten. “Wait, hyung. You know Yoongi-hyung?” Jin shrugged, his lips quirking up into a small smile. “Sure. He’s Namjoon’s friend. We got introduced a few months back when I went to visit Namjoon at his dorm,” he said, his eyes softening as he talked. Jimin still didn’t understand why Jin hadn’t asked Namjoon out yet or why either of them refused to say anything to the other, choosing instead to pine after each other. Jin even opened a café on campus just so he could spend time with Namjoon – even though he denied it every time Jimin brought it up. “Wow, it really is a small world,” Taehyung said, taking a seat beside Jin at the table. They lapsed into silence for a moment, Jimin turning back to the table to finish cleaning it before Jin slapped his hand down onto his table. Jimin jumped, almost dropping his dishtowel as he clutched a hand to his chest. “Hyung! Don’t scare me like that,” he said, turning to give Jin his most threatening glare. “Sorry, Jimin-ah,” Jin said even as he waved away Jimin’s comment, not looking apologetic at all. “But since Taehyung’s given you the first pickup line, I thought maybe I should give you the next one” Jimin groaned. “Hyung, not you too.” “Why not? I’ve got an invested interest in this now too, since it involves Namjoon’s friend and my cutest employee.” “Hey!” Taehyung yelled, his features pulled into an expression of mock hurt as he placed a hand over his heart. “What about me, hyung?” Jin ignored him, his focus solely on Jimin. “The next time you see Yoongi, say ‘you must be jelly, because jam doesn’t shake like that’.” Jimin stared at him for a few seconds, wondering if Jin had finally lost his mind as the elder laughed obnoxiously at his own joke. “That is the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard,” Jimin said. Taehyung laughed with Jin, head thrown back and Jimin wanted to punch the both of them. “Oh, Chim, you have got to use that one,” Taehyung said as he wiped at his eyes. “Holy crap, that’s gold. Good job, hyung.” He and Jin high fived each other, still snickering as Jimin glared at them. Suddenly, Taehyung stopped laughing. He nudged Jin’s arm as he pointed with his chin at something over Jimin’s shoulder. When Jin looked over, the smile turned into a smirk and Jimin knew something bad was about to happen to him. “Oh, will you look at the time,” Jin said, standing up and brushing off his pants. He took a few steps towards the back room where his office was before turning back to Jimin. “Jimin-ah, take over the register while I go and do some paperwork.” He closed the door to the back room, his shoulders shaking from withholding his laughter. Taehyung patted him on the back as he passed, taking up his spot in front of the coffee machine just as the bell over the door rang, signalling the arrival of new customers. Rushing to the other side of the counter, Jimin plastered on his most professional smile, ready to greet the people walking through the doors. He let the smile slip from his face when he saw just who exactly had walked into the shop. Namjoon stood in front of him, staring at the menu above his head. But it wasn’t him who had Jimin’s attention because standing beside him, in his baggy sweatshirt with ruffled black hair was Yoongi. Jimin felt his blush return with a vengeance as they made eye contact and he had to actively force himself to not look away as Yoongi regarded him with ill-concealed humour. Jimin wished the floor could open up and swallow him whole. “G-good afternoon, Namjoon-hyung, Yoongi-hyung. What can I get for you?” He hated himself for stuttering. Namjoon looked away from the menu, his head turning from Jimin to Yoongi before he spoke. “You guys know each other?” Jimin saw the way Yoongi shrugged his shoulders, his eyes never leaving Jimin’s stiff form. Jimin gulped. “I’m a regular.” Namjoon hummed. “Okay then. I’ll just have a regular latte. What about you, hyung?” he said after turning back to face the register. “My usual,” Yoongi replied, watching as Jimin typed in their orders. “Sure. Is that for here or to go?” “For here,” Namjoon said and Jimin noticed the way he kept looking over the counter, at the door leading to the backroom. “Okay. I’ll bring your orders out to you in a second.” When he turned to bring the cups over to Taehyung, the younger was giving him a look, his eyes moving from Jimin to the table Yoongi and Namjoon were seated at. He raised his eyebrows as he grabbed the mugs from Jimin’s hands, nodding his head in their direction. Jimin stared at him with wide eyes, not believing his friend was so willing to throw him under the bus. “Here you go, Chim,” Taehyung said as he handed the filled cups to Jimin. “And don’t forget your manners.” Jimin bit the inside of his cheek, promising to himself to pay Taehyung back for this later. Making his way over to the only occupied table in the room, Jimin slowed his steps, hoping to put off the inevitable. As he placed the drinks down, he cleared his throat to get their attention. Namjoon looked up at him in curiosity, his brows shooting up into his hair line as Yoongi stared at him with his piercing gaze, throwing Jimin’s confidence straight out the window. “Uh, well, Yoongi-hyung, I’ve got something I need to say to you,” Jimin said, trying his best to keep eye contact. “Um, you must be jelly, because jam doesn’t shake like that.” Silence. No one moved. No one made a sound as Jimin continued to stand beside the table, his hands clasped tight in front of him and his face burning. Then all hell broke loose as Taehyung doubled over in laughter, Namjoon snorted loudly, and Jin came running out of the backroom, high pitched, squeaky laugh floating above all the ruckus. Yoongi continued to stare at Jimin and when he was sure the elder wasn’t going to say anything, he turned on his heel and bolted for the backroom, closing the door with a thud before throwing himself onto the floor. He crouched down low, hunching over his knees as he heard the others laughing loudly on the other side.  --  Thankfully, Jin had taken pity on Jimin and had given him the week off work. “As a sort of reward,” he had said, “for having the guts to even say it.” He was so grateful to have a boss as understanding as Jin. Taehyung had come running into the office as soon as Namjoon and Yoongi left (presumably to tease Jimin more) and Jimin had him in a headlock the minute he was within range. He didn’t let go until Jin had come in, trying to diffuse the situation before Taehyung ended up in hospital. So now he was simply lying in his bed, wallowing in his self-pity before he had to get up to go to the dance studios. He was still a student, after all, and he had obligations so skipping out on classes wasn’t an option. Besides, Hoseok would kill him if he missed a session. He had met Hoseok in his first semester at college, as he was contemplating which clubs he wanted to be involved in. Being a dance major, he gravitated towards those clubs but it was Hoseok’s abundance of energy that caught his attention first. The elder was standing in front of a table covered in pamphlets and posters. He was holding a stack of bright blue paper in his hands, passing them out to anyone who stopped by the booth and talking a mile a minute about upcoming projects and past awards the club had won. He was able to recruit Jimin rather easily and they became good friends afterwards, the elder often staying back after practice to help him with his choreography. The trek across campus from his dorm building to the dance studios wasn’t as bad as he thought. He only saw Yoongi once and the elder had been too preoccupied talking with an upperclassman that he hadn’t noticed Jimin sneaking by. He still wasn’t sure how he was going to be able to face Yoongi after the stunt he pulled at the coffee shop. Just as he was about to enter the building, a thin arm slung itself around his shoulders. It made him jump and he let out a squeal that he would later cringe at. “Geez, Jimin. What’s got you so jumpy?” Jimin turned his head slightly and met bright, brown eyes and a smile so big, he was almost blinded by it. “Hoseok-hyung!” he said. “Don’t do that. You almost gave me a heart attack.” Hoseok laughed and tapped Jimin on the back once before opening the door and letting him step through first. “Ah, don’t be so dramatic. But seriously, I was calling out your name and you didn’t even hear me,” Hoseok said as he led the way to the dance studios. Jimin fell into step beside him. “What’s got you so distracted?” Jimin sighed, running his hands through his hair. “Just Taehyung and Jungkook being little shits.” “The usual then.” Hoseok laughed. “But there’s gotta be more than that.” Jimin didn’t say anything for a while, contemplating how much he should actually tell the elder but he relented in the end, recalling the whole fiasco with the pickup line dare and the two previous encounters with Yoongi. He just really needed to vent to someone and Hoseok was a convenient listener. “So now Yoongi-hyung thinks I’m some sort of weirdo who only knows dumb pickup lines.” They had made it to the studio, the two of them being the first ones to arrive and began their warmup stretches as Jimin continued to bemoan to Hoseok. “Hmm,” Hoseok hummed, reaching for his feet and stretching out his back. “Nah, I don’t think hyung’s really all that bothered by it. I mean, he hasn’t complained to me or Namjoon about it so there’s that.” “Wait, does everyone but me know Yoongi-hyung?” Jimin asked, confused as to how he had gone so long without meeting the composition major if they had so many mutual friends. The universe was seriously against him. Hoseok shrugged. “Don’t know. I only know him ‘cause he helped me with my mixtape. We’ve been friends ever since then.” The other club members began filing in then, cutting their conversation short but their brief chat had been enough to get Jimin out of his funk. He couldn’t think about the mess his love life had become now, as he began to run through the routine, getting lost in the music and allowing his body to do what it did best – dance. Jimin loved this. Loved how his body moved to the music, how his mind solely focused on the steps, the movements of his limbs calming his racing thoughts. He poured so much energy into dancing that when the session came to an end, he was left sprawled on the floor, sweat beading along his skin, and breath laboured. But he wouldn’t trade it for anything because he knew that all his hard work now would lead to so much reward at the end of it all. “Alright, good job today guys,” Hoseok yelled from the front of the room, a small towel wrapped around his neck. “we don’t have a lot of time left to practice so be sure to practice in your own time as well. The studios are always open whenever you need them.” Everyone filed out, thanking Hoseok as they left and soon it was just Jimin and Hoseok left in the studio. Jimin had grabbed his own towel from his bag and proceeded to wipe off the sweat that clung to his skin before taking a long drink from his water bottle. “So, you’ve got a thing for Yoongi-hyung.” Jimin choked on his water, coughing as his throat burned. “Wha-” “Don’t try to deny it, Jimin. Your face is burning up,” Hoseok said, pinching his red cheek. “Not you too, hyung,” Jimin said as he slapped Hoseok’s hand away. “I get enough of that from Taehyung and Jungkook.” Hoseok laughed but raised his hands in a placating manner anyway. “Okay, no teasing from me. But you have really shitty taste in men.” Jimin rolled his eyes, his cheeks burning more as he thought about the black haired, composition major. “My taste isn’t that bad,” he mumbled. “Jimin, you’ve got the hots for a grumpy grandpa who wants to be reborn as a rock in his next life,” Hoseok deadpanned, giving Jimin his driest look. Jimin frowned. “Well, when you put it like that it sounds bad.” “There are so many other guys you could have gone for but you chose Yoongi-hyung.” “Shut up. Stop making him out to be the worst guy at this college,” Jimin said, offended. “I’m just saying.” Hoseok shrugged. “Since you’re on a mission, how about I give you your next pickup line?” Jimin groaned. “Oh, come on. First Jin-hyung, now you.” “My one isn’t as bad Jin-hyung’s. Don’t worry.” “The fact that you’re telling me not to worry makes me worry even more.” Hoseok waved his hand in front of his face. “It’s really not that bad. Just say ‘was your father an alien, ‘cause there’s nothing else like you on earth’.” “Are you kidding me? That’s so bad, hyung!” “It is not! Come on, I wanna get involved in this too,” Hoseok said, pleading with the biggest puppy dog eyes he could muster. “Fine. I’ll say it. God, Yoongi-hyung won’t want anything to do with me after this.” Hoseok laughed, his head thrown back. “Nah, if anything, he likes the attention.” Jimin didn’t believe him but he couldn’t back out now. He said he would do it and Jimin was a man who kept his word. So when he saw Yoongi a few days after club practice, sitting at one of the library tables with notebooks spread out around him, he knew he had to do it. Steeling himself for humiliation, he marched up to Yoongi’s table, standing off to the side and waiting for the elder to acknowledge his existence. When Yoongi looked up from his book and removed his headphones, he raised his eyebrow at Jimin. If he didn’t know any better, Jimin could have sworn Yoongi was smirking at him slightly. Deciding to just get it over and done with, he opened his mouth. “Was your father an alien, because there’s nothing else like you on earth.” Yoongi blinked up at him and for a moment neither of them spoke. “Well, I’m pretty sure I’m not an alien,” Yoongi said once the silence had stretched a little bit too long. “Not sure about you though. Do you like saying pickup lines to your customers like this?” Jimin’s face burned and he had to resist the urge to lift his hands to his face to cover his cheeks. “Not usually, no. But I guess you’re an exception, Yoongi-hyung.” He didn’t know where this bravery was coming from but seeing the small smile on Yoongi’s face, Jimin didn’t want it to disappear. “Am I now?” Yoongi asked, leaning back in his seat and folding his arms across his chest. Jimin nodded. “You are.” Jimin would never admit it out loud, but the sight of Yoongi’s smirk directed at him made his knees weak and his heart tremble. Distantly, he wondered if he should get that checked out. 
Weird heart palpitations are bad, right?
 Clearing his throat (and hoping he wasn’t about to get a heart attack), he gestured to the empty seat opposite Yoongi. “Is this seat taken?” Jimin asked, hoping to come off as casual as possible. Considering how Yoongi’s smirk only widened, he didn’t think he pulled it off as well as he had hoped. “No,” Yoongi replied, gently nudging the chair from under the table with his foot. Taking that as an invitation, Jimin smiled before setting his bag on the floor and sitting down. He rummaged through his bag for his supplies and before long, both he and Yoongi were immersed in their own study. Neither of them spoke but a comfortable silence hung between them and Jimin thought it was nice as he relished in the feeling of contentment. (The fact that he managed to get Yoongi’s number was just an added bonus.)  --  Jungkook and Namjoon were bickering about who would give Jimin his next pickup line. Friday nights were usually spent at Jin’s apartment, once everyone was done with their classes. It became a habit for Jin to invite Jimin and Taehyung to his place for dinner after their shift at the shop which naturally meant that Jungkook tagged along – because Taehyung – and Namjoon would just always be around – because Jin. Jimin wanted to pull his hair out. His friends were denser than bricks. “Hyung! It was my idea in the first place,” Jungkook said from his place on the floor. He and Taehyung were sat in front of the television, in the middle of their fifth round of Mario Kart as Namjoon helped Jin in the kitchen. What he was doing there, Jimin didn’t know. As long as Jin kept him away from the knives, he was content not to know. “Yes, but everyone else has given him one already,” Namjoon yelled from the kitchen, the sound of something crashing to the ground following. Jimin tried to hold back his laugh as Jin scolded Namjoon. “For god’s sake, even Hoseok gave him one and he didn’t even know about this whole thing until Jimin complained to him about it the other day.” Jungkook made a face, his nose scrunching up and his bunny teeth showing as Taehyung passed him on the track. “So? What’s that got to do with anything?” “I was there, in the flesh, when he said a line to Yoongi-hyung. So why does Hoseok get to give him one and I don’t?” Their bickering was interrupted then when Taehyung yelled, pumping his fist into the air as he crossed the finish line, a big ‘1st’ glaring at them from the screen. “Hah! You’d better pay attention, Kookie, before I beat your lap time,” Taehyung said as he poked Jungkook’s arm. Jungkook clicked his tongue as he batted Taehyung’s hand away, grabbing his controller before levelling the elder with a look that could kill. Taehyung simply laughed before starting another round. Jimin watched as Jungkook’s eyes softened when Taehyung’s attention was diverted and he had a sneaking suspicion the youngest had let his friend win. Competitive didn’t begin to describe how riled up the younger got with games so the fact that Taehyung, the second worse at games (after Jimin), had beat him twice meant that Jungkook was being a giant softy. Jimin wondered how Taehyung remained so clueless. Even from his place on the couch, he could still see the fondness in Jungkook’s eyes whenever he looked at Taehyung. “Alright, that’s enough,” Jin said, walking into the living room wearing his frilly, pink apron. Jimin would laugh if it didn’t suit him so well. “Dinner’s ready so pause the game and let’s eat.” Jungkook and Taehyung sprung up from the floor and bolted for the kitchen, where Jin had laid out the food. Jimin followed them at a more sedate pace, preferring not to have to fight over seats. Once everyone had settled in and begun eating, conversations flowed easily. Namjoon asked Jungkook how his studies were going to which the youngest would groan and complain about his maths classes. Taehyung talked Jin’s ear off about the latest youtube video he watched, gesturing wildly with his hands and almost knocking over Jimin’s cup. It wasn’t long before the conversation diverted back to Jimin’s love life. Or lack thereof in Taehyung’s opinion. “Alright, how about this,” Jin said when it became clear neither Jungkook or Namjoon were going to back down. “Just play rock-paper-scissors to figure out who gets to think of the next line. That way it’s all down to luck.” Jungkook and Namjoon regarded the other before begrudgingly nodding, holding their closed fists in front of them. It took a few rounds but eventually it was Namjoon who came out on top. Jungkook slouched in his chair and pouted, Taehyung trying to console him. “It’s okay, Kookie,” Taehyung said, rubbing the younger’s back, “This just means you get to give Chim the best line yet.” “Okay, what line should I have you say next, Jimin?” Namjoon asked, though everyone knew he wasn’t expecting an answer. Jimin sighed. “Just don’t make it as bad as the others.” Namjoon rubbed at his chin, eyes rolled up as he thought. He hummed for a while before a grin lit up his face, his dimples showing. Jimin knew he wasn’t going to like this one either. “How about, ‘were you a boy scout, because you’ve tied my heart into knots’.” Jimin’s face scrunched up, his brows pinched in the middle as he grimaced. “That’s the worst one yet, hyung!” Everyone else at the table laughed as if it was the funniest thing they had ever heard. “Oh, that’s a good one Namjoon,” Jin said, wiping at the tears in his eyes. Jimin scowled, glaring at the elder. Of course, Jin would think so. The guy thought anything Namjoon said was funny. Traitor, Jimin thought. Taehyung grabbed Jimin’s arm, shaking it so much he thought his arm was about to pop out of its socket. “Chim, you’ve gotta do it now. Do it here so we can all witness it.” Jungkook nodded. “Yeah, do it. I wanna be around for this too.” Jimin pouted, folding his arms in front of his chest. He would have stomped his foot too if he wasn’t sitting down. “You guys are such assholes,” he said, though there wasn’t any real venom in his words. As annoying as his friends could be, he wouldn’t trade them for anything. Though there’s no way in hell I’m telling any of them that. “I’m just really curious about Yoongi-hyung’s reaction, honestly,” Namjoon said as he pulled out his phone. “Here, I’ll let you use my phone.” Jimin shook his head, taking his own phone out of his pocket. “Don’t worry, I’ve got his number.” Jimin was so busy looking through his contacts he completely missed Namjoon’s shocked expression. “What? You asked for his number?” Namjoon asked, once he found his voice. “Actually, no. Yoongi was the one who offered,” Jimin replied, still oblivious to Namjoon’s shock. “What the fuck?!” he yelled. “I had to practically beg the guy to give me his number and that was after months of being his friend.” Jimin looked up from his phone then and tilted his head to the side, staring at Namjoon like he had grown a second head. “Really? But he didn’t mind giving it to me.” Looking around at the others, he noticed the giant grin on Taehyung’s face and found an answering one on Jungkook’s. And he knew he had said the wrong thing. “Oh, Chim Chim, Yoongi-hyung is so whipped for you,” Taehyung said, reaching over before patting Jimin’s head. “Congrats hyung!” Jungkook said. “Looks like the pickup lines are working.” Jimin blushed, the tips of his ears burning and somewhere in the back of his mind, he wondered if he would ever stop blushing. “It’s not like that! He probably finds it really annoying.” Jin hummed, resting his elbows on the table before leaning forward. “Uh-huh. Of course Yoongi’s the type of guy to give his number to someone he finds annoying. That’s totally how he works.” “I hate you all,” Jimin said as he found Yoongi’s number. “Put it on speaker so we can all hear,” Namjoon said, leaning closer. Jimin rolled his eyes, but hit the speaker button just as Yoongi picked up. “Hello?” “Hi hyung!” Jimin said, trying to sound confident even as his voice wavered a little. Having his friends listen as he called his crush made him nervous and their teasing grins weren’t helping to settle his nerves. “Jimin? Was there something you needed?” Even over the phone, Yoongi’s gravelly voice made Jimin’s heart stutter. “No, not really.” Yoongi made a noise on the other end of the line before he spoke again. “Don’t tell me you just missed my voice that much, Jimin.” Jimin watched as the others tried to stifle their laughter, burying their faces in their arms and hands to avoid making too much noise. Yoongi was being flirty and Jimin didn’t know how to handle it. His only response was to blush and hope he could survive the teasing he was sure to get afterwards. “Hyung!” Yoongi laughed. “Sorry,” he said, though he didn’t sound sorry at all, “you’re just really easy to rile up.” Jimin pouted. “You’re mean.” “I am,” Yoongi agreed and Jimin could picture the way the elder was nodding. “Actually, hyung, there’s a reason why I called.” “Oh?” Looking up at his friends once more, he took a deep breath, his heart pounding against his rib cage. “I was just wondering if you were a boy scout, because you’ve tied my heart into knots.” There was silence on the other end before Yoongi’s breathy laugh filled the room. “You’re cute, Jimin.” Jimin hung up so fast, he wasn’t sure if his phone survived. Burying his head in his hands, he groaned as his friends couldn’t contain their laughter anymore and proceeded to laugh as loudly and obnoxiously as they could. “Oh my god, what was that?” Jungkook asked once he had calmed down enough. “I don’t think I’ve ever heard Yoongi-hyung call anything cute,” Namjoon said, banging his fist against the table. “Yup, he’s definitely soft for you, Jimin,” Taehyung said in between laughs as Jin’s squeaky laugh drowned everything else out. Jimin’s heart refused to calm down and now it was threatening to burst out of his chest with how hard it was beating. He really should get his heart looked at.  --  Jimin was walking to his dorm room after a particularly gruelling session at the dance studios when he was ambushed by both Taehyung and Jungkook. Hoseok had pushed them all past their limits that afternoon, working each member to the bone to perfect the routine. He hadn’t let up until everyone collapsed in exhaustion, complaining about how their limbs felt like jelly and all they wanted to do was go back to their dorms to sleep the pain away. Jimin understood why – the college showcase was fast approaching – and didn’t begrudge the dancer because of it. As he was leaving, Hoseok had come up to each member individually to apologise for being so rough on them. Jimin smiled to himself as he heard everyone trying to placate the dancer, assuring him that they didn’t hold it against him. Jungkook and Taehyung were waiting for him just outside of the dance department building, holding bags of snacks and drinks. “Hey Chim!” Taehyung yelled as soon as he spotted the shorter man. He waved his arms around, almost hitting Jungkook in the face with the plastic bag he was holding. “What are you guys doing here?” Jimin asked, taking the bag from Taehyung before the kid could do any real damage. “We wanted to hang out and since we’re all broke, we figured the best way was with some cheap snacks,” Jungkook replied, looking through his bag. He pulled out a lollipop before shoving it in his mouth. Taehyung nodded, grabbing Jimin’s wrist and dragging him down the footpath. “Come on,” he said, “I know the perfect place to chill.” As it turned out, Taehyung’s ‘perfect place to chill’ was the local park. It was well past dinner time and the kids who usually played there had gone home for the day. Taehyung and Jimin commandeered the swings so Jungkook was left with the springy duck. Jimin laughed at how awkward Jungkook looked on the thing, his long limbs cramped into the tight space as he tried to find a comfortable position. He ended up with half his butt hanging off the seat and his legs stretched out on either side of the duck. Jungkook scowled at them before unwrapping another lollipop – he had finished the first one during the walk to the park. They talked and joked with each other, Jimin and Taehyung trying to outdo the other on the swings while Jungkook complained. Deciding to take pity on the younger, Jimin gave up his spot to let Jungkook have a turn. It was cute, the way Jungkook happily skipped over to the swings before challenging Taehyung to see who could swing the highest. Jimin loved this. He loved just being able to have fun, to not have to worry about adult things and just be kids. Because that’s what they were. They were still kids, too young to have adult problems like finding a job and paying taxes, and Jimin wanted to cherish this feeling for as long as he could. “So, Chim,” Taehyung said once he had come to a stop. “What’s been happening between you and Yoongi-hyung.” Jimin shrugged. “Nothing,” he said around a mouthful of chips. Taehyung rolled his eyes. “Yeah, right. Come on Chim, don’t be like that. Me and Kookie are genuinely interested.” “Yeah, hyung,” Jungkook said after he took a sip of his coke, “this is the first time you’ve had a serious crush on someone.” Jimin sighed. As embarrassing as it was to talk about his infatuation with the music student, he couldn’t deny the fact that they were right. He’s had crushes before, he’s found people attractive but none of them had held his attention the same way Yoongi had. And the guy hadn’t even had to do much. Jimin was hooked the moment Yoongi had walked into the café, sleepily ordering his drink before shuffling back through the door. “Alright, fine. If you must know, Yoongi-hyung took me out for lunch the other day.” Taehyung stared at him with wide eyes as Jungkook’s mouth hung open. “Seriously? A date? Yoongi-hyung asked you out on a date?” Taehyung screeched. “It wasn’t a date, Tae.” “Not a date? How can you say that, hyung? He asked you out for lunch!” Jungkook said, eyes wide. “It was during my break at the café. Yoongi-hyung walked in just as I was walking out and since he was there for lunch, we decided to just eat together.” “You had lunch at the café?” Taehyung asked, his brows scrunching together in confusion. Jimin shook his head. “Of course not. We went somewhere else. Besides, if we stayed there then Jin-hyung would never have left us alone.” Taehyung nodded. “True. Jin-hyung’s always loved gossip.” “Where did you go, then?” Jungkook asked, swaying slightly. “Just to a small diner a couple of blocks away.” Jimin shrugged. “Nothing fancy or expensive.” Yoongi had taken him to a small family diner near the train station. The streets were busy that afternoon with office workers having lunch and small children running around. The diner was situated between two tall office buildings and Jimin would have walked straight past it if Yoongi hadn’t grabbed his arm. There was nothing particularly outstanding about the exterior, the weathered brick and wide windows reminding Jimin of old buildings he’d seen on television and in movies. There was an old-fashioned chalkboard sitting out front, the words ‘Rose Diner’ in pretty cursive written across the top. When Jimin looked closely at the sign, he noticed that instead of a menu, a short quote adorned the rest of the board. ‘Time waits for no one’, it had said and Jimin felt a sense of melancholy envelop him. “I like to come here whenever I need a break from things,” Yoongi said as he led him through the double doors. They were greeted by a waiter and shown to a small table tucked away in a corner. A small candle sat unlit in the centre with a small vase sitting beside it. There was only a single stem in the vase, a pretty yellow tulip. Jimin smiled. The diner was cosy, small tables occupied most of the space as hushed conversations filled the room. Jimin understood why Yoongi would choose a place like this. It was quiet and relatively secluded, the outside world melting away. They spent the rest of the afternoon there, deep in conversation. Jimin lost track of time, content to simply sit at their table and talk with Yoongi about anything and everything. Despite how the elder liked to come off as aloof and unapproachable, he listened attentively whenever Jimin said anything, small smile on his face as the younger told him anecdotes from his younger years. It was nice and Jimin found himself trampling down his disappointment when they had to part ways, Yoongi going back to the music building and Jimin to the dance studios.   “Huh, who knew Yoongi-hyung had a romantic side,” Jungkook said. Jimin made a face at him. “Don’t make him seem like he doesn’t have feelings, brat.” “But seriously, that’s so adorable Chim. He took you out on a date to one of his most loved places.” Taehyung sighed. “I wish I had someone like that too.” Jimin didn’t miss the way Jungkook shot Taehyung a look, the fondness in his gaze obvious. Idiot. You could have that too if you just opened your eyes. “It wasn’t a date,” he said and the fact it wasn’t made his heart clench. “Chim, you don’t actually believe that, right?” Taehyung asked and the softness in his friend’s voice almost broke him. When Jimin lifted his head, he was met with so much genuine concern it made his eyes glassy. Blinking back the tears (he didn’t want to break down in front of his friends), he gave them a small smile. “I don’t know,” Jimin said, “I don’t want to believe it but I can’t just get my hopes up like an idiot.” He hugged his knees to his chest, resting his chin on them and wrapping his arms around his legs. “Hyung,” Jungkook said, uncharacteristically serious, “if Yoongi-hyung breaks your heart, I’ll beat him up for you.” Jimin laughed, the image of Jungkook fighting Yoongi on his behalf making him smile. Even as a joked about finding new friends, he was grateful to have them in his life. As overbearing and crazy as the two could be, he knew they also had his back whenever he needed them, always ready and willing to come to his defence. “Thanks Kook but I think I’ll be fine,” he said, smiling so big his cheeks hurt. Jungkook nodded. “If you’re sure then I guess Yoongi-hyung gets to live another day.” “Please,” Jimin scoffed, “you’re more scared of him than he is of you, you giant bunny.” “Hey!” Jungkook said, throwing the lollipop wrapper at him. It didn’t get very far, landing only a few centimetres from his foot. Sheepishly, Jungkook scooped up the wrapper before dumping it in the bin. Taehyung laughed as he ruffled Jungkook’s hair, patting the strands down afterwards when the younger pouted at him. “Don’t be such a sook, Kookie. It’s your turn to give Jimin his last pickup line,” Taehyung said. Jungkook’s face lit up, his large front teeth peeking through his lips as he stared at Jimin. Jimin wanted to bang his head against a wall. Later that night, as he lay in bed, he sent off a message to Yoongi. Blushing to the roots of his hair, he threw his phone to the edge of the bed before burying himself in his blankets. 
Jimin:
Good night hyung!Sweet dreams.P.S. Stop, drop and roll baby. You’re on fire.  --  Jimin stood behind the register a few days later, keying in orders and writing names on paper cups. He had all but forgotten about the message he sent Yoongi, content to ignore its existence. He would have done just that if Yoongi hadn’t decided that the perfect time for coffee was at 5 o’clock, just as he, Jin, and Taehyung were closing shop for the day. Taehyung was about to lock the door when Yoongi barged in, pushing past Taehyung and heading straight for the counter, where Jimin was standing, counting the change in the till. “Yoongi-hyung!” he said when he noticed the elder standing in front of him, out of breath and a slight tinge of pink on his cheeks. “What are you doing here?” Jimin noticed how Jin and Taehyung had moved off to the side, eager to watch the interaction but not wanting to get in the way. “You know why I’m here, Jimin,” Yoongi said. Jimin tilted his head to the side. “I do?” Yoongi reached up to rub at the back of his neck and Jimin watched as the blush on the elder’s face intensified. Yoongi averted his eyes, looking at everything except Jimin before he sighed. “I’m not very good at this,” he started, “but I figured I should end it.” Jimin’s heart plummeted. This was it. That last message was the last straw, the thing that finally pushed Yoongi over the edge. Please, he thought, his throat going dry, don’t let him hate me. Anything but that. Jimin wanted to cry. He wanted to run away because being rejected now would really break him. He made eye contact with Taehyung and he saw the way the shock morphed into anger. Taehyung took a step in their direction, ready to intervene before Yoongi started talking again. Jimin snapped his eyes to the elder and for the first time, he noticed the way his hair stood at odd angles, as if he had been running his hands through the strands, he noticed the dark circles under the other’s eyes, and the way he hunched in on himself, trying to make himself seem as small as possible. Jimin’s heart broke because this isn’t the Yoongi he knew. The Yoongi he knew was all smiles, some small, others wide and gummy. The Yoongi he knew didn’t care about what others thought of him. The Yoongi he knew was passionate, especially about things he loved – his piano, his music, his friends. “Hyung?” he asked, tentative. Yoongi lifted his eyes to his own. “You must be a hell of a thief, because you stole my heart from across the room.” Jimin’s heart stopped. “What?” “Your pickup lines were so bad. So, so bad,” Yoongi said, raking his hand through his hair, “but the minute I walked into the shop and saw you, I fell in love. I was meant to walk out after picking up my coffee but I stayed.” He paused. “I stayed so I could see you.” Jimin heard Jin gasp. “Hyung-” “I love your cute eye smiles. I love your beautiful voice. I love your passion for dance. I love how protective you are of your friends.” Yoongi smiled, big and gummy, “I love you, Jimin.” Jimin couldn’t say anything at first, his brain refusing to co-operate. He couldn’t be hearing this right. He must be imagining it all because Yoongi, the boy who stole his heart couldn’t possibly be standing in front of him, telling him how much he loved him. “You used a pickup line,” Jimin said. Yoongi leaned across the counter, resting his weight on his hands as he pressed his lips against Jimin’s. Soft, chaste, and so, so gentle it made tears well up in his eyes. Everything else melted away and Jimin lost himself in the kiss. He ignored Jin’s squeal and Taehyung’s loud whistle as he brought his hands up to Yoongi’s face and held his cheeks, his thumbs rubbing small circles against his jaw. They pulled away when the need for air became too strong. Yoongi pressed his forehead against his, breathing in and relishing in each other’s presence. Jimin later thanked his friends with pizza, Yoongi sat by his side the whole night.  --  “Are you gonna use more pickup lines, hyung?” “Don’t push your luck, brat.”  Derek can say he ever expected something like this to happen when he agreed to work at Expresso Yourself, his family’s coffee shop.And by that he means he never expected Hollywood’s new favorite actor, Stiles Stilinski, to burst through his doors at seven-thirty in the morning, wide-eyed and scared, with the collar of his shirt ripped off. Nor did Derek expect the crowd of screaming people running after him, their cell phones in hand, trying to get pictures of him. And Derek most definitely never ever expected for Stilinski to slam the door to the coffee shop shut, lock it, and then jump over the wooden counter so he could hide behind it.So of course that’s exactly what happens right before Derek opens Expresso Yourself that Monday morning.Because this is his life, and it sucks.*“911, what’s your emergency?”“There’s a crowd of people blocking the entrance to my coffee shop,” Derek says flatly. “They have their faces glued to the class and they keep trying the locked door. I’m afraid they’ll damage my property and try to break in.”“Are you alone?”Derek looks down at Stilinski, who’s still sitting on the floor and now has his head between his knees. “No, I’m not. There’s another person with me.”“Can you get you two some place safe?”“Yes,” Derek says, scrubbing a hand over his face. This isn’t how he wanted his morning to go.“Okay, I’m sending someone your way. They should be there in about ten minutes.”“Thanks.”Derek hangs up and pockets his phone, making sure to glare one more time at the people trying to see inside the coffee shop before turning his back to them.“Hey,” Derek says, grabbing a few plastic cups from the counter before kneeling down in front of Stiles. He figures if he makes himself look busy, maybe people won’t think Stilinski really is inside. “Are you okay?”Stilinski doesn’t answer right away, taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly before looking up at Derek.And Derek knows who he is, knows what Stilinski looks like. Laura somehow always manage to include one of his movies whenever they have a movie night with Cora, and he’s been to the Sheriff’s office a few times and seen the pictures of Stiles around the place. So Derek knows about Stilinski’s pale skin dotted with moles, about his upturned nose, about his brown hair that always looks messy, and about his soft pink lips.He just didn’t think it would affect him, that staring at Stilinski would make him feel like he just got punched right in the gut. But it does, and Derek doesn’t know what to do about it.“Sorry, I just—,” Stiles says, breaking Derek out of his thoughts. “It’s— I didn’t think anything like that would happen. I mean, it’s Beacon Hills. I grew up here. This people have known me since I was a little kid. I thought it was safe for me to walk around, but apparently not.”Derek winces in sympathy. Derek remembers after the fire how people around town would stare at him, whisper things when he walked into a room. It’s not in the same scale as of what’s happening right now, but Derek can sort of understand it.“Come on,” Derek says, offering Stilinski a hand. “I already called the cops, they should be here any minute.”“You what?” Stilinski asks him, eyes wide. “That means my dad is going to be here.”“You can wait for him in my apartment,” Derek tells him. “I told dispatch I’d take us somewhere safe before anyone got here.”“You— No, it’s okay,” Stilinski shakes his head. “I can wait here.”“You have blood on your neck,” Derek says, serious. “You don’t want anyone to see you like that.”Stilinski’s hand comes up to the side of his neck, feeling the red scratch marks there. “Must have happened when they tried to grab my shirt.”“Ripped your collar, too,” Derek points out. “Now, come on. My apartment’s upstairs. I have a bathroom, a first aid kit and a clean shirt.”“Just one clean shirt?” Stilinski jokes weakly.Derek raises an eyebrow at him, waggling his fingers. “Come on.”Stilinski hesitates, but only for a second.His palm feels warm and dry against Derek’s when takes Derek’s offered hand.*“Thank you for doing this, Derek,” the Sheriff says, mouth tight.“It’s no problem, sir.”The crowd loitering outside of Expresso Yourself is gone, and Derek, Stilinski and the Sheriff are at Derek’s apartment, sitting by the dinner table, steaming mugs of coffee in front of them. Stiles is wearing one of Derek’s shirts, a dark grey Henley that’s a little too big and almost falls from one shoulder.Derek tries not to think about how much he likes that.“Your name is Derek?” Stilinski asks, perking up in his chair.“Really, son?” the Sheriff sighs. “The man lets you into his home and you don’t even introduce yourself?”Derek bites on the inside of his cheek at the offended but also chagrined look on Stilinski’s face.“That was my mistake,” Derek says. “I was more worried about the crowd outside to make the proper introductions.”Stilinski sends him a grateful look, and then promptly extends a hand.“I’m Stiles Stilinski, but you can call me Stiles,” Stilinski — Stiles — says. “Thank you for calling the cops on the people who were chasing me and letting me hide here.”“Derek Hale,” Derek says, suppressing a shiver when he takes Stiles’s hand and shakes it. “And you’re welcome.”Stiles gives his hand a squeezing, fingers grazing Derek’s palm when they let go of each other.“Well,” the Sheriff says. “I think it’s time we should get going. I’m sure you still have things to do before the shop opens.”“Right,” Derek says, getting up. “Thank you for the help with the crowd, sir.”“Thank you for taking care of Stiles,” the Sheriff says, clapping him on the shoulder. “Come on, son. I’ll drive you home before I get back to the station.”“Okay,” Stiles says, fingers curling around the hem of Derek’s Henley when he follows his dad out. “I’ll give this back to you as soon as I can.”“No rush,” Derek says. “And I’m sorry about your walk.”“It’s okay,” Stiles waves a hand, smiling a little. “I’m sure I’ll find something else to occupy my time.”And Stiles does.Derek just didn’t know that’ll involve him showing up at Expresso Yourself every chance he got.*“Are you fucking kidding me?” Cora snaps as the doors open, the bell above it jiggling.“No swearing in front of the customers,” Derek grumbles. He’s too busy trying to figure out how to make a drink without burning his hand, so he doesn’t notice the way the entire shops goes quiet before everybody breaks into whispers.That is, until Laura gasps so loud she starts choking. She takes a step back while she coughs, the point of her heel catching Derek’s toe.Derek hisses under his breath and swears loudly, dropping the coffee cup he’s holding so he can push her away.“What the fuck, Laura?”“No swearing in front of the customers!” Cora yells at him, smiling when Derek glares.Laura doesn’t say anything, just wipes the tears from her eyes and keeps looking straight forward.Derek frowns at her and turns around, following her line of sight, only to freeze when he realizes just who Laura is staring at.And by that he means Stiles Stilinski, standing in front of the pastry counter in black jeans and a tight red shirt, his cheeks flushed pink, and a hesitant smile on his face.“Uh, hi,” Stiles says, lift his hand in an aborted wave.Laura starts choking again.*“Oh, are those mint chocolate cupcakes?” Stiles asks as he makes his way to the counter, eyes glinting.“You know they are,” Cora says flatly. “You’ve been coming here every day for almost two weeks. You know we sell those a lot.”Stiles bats his lashes at her. “Don’t lie, you love having me around. I bring excitement into your boring life.”Derek fails at not finding him cute and agreeing vehemently with what he’s saying, which is why he ducks his head and busies himself with rearranging the cookie display.Having Stiles around has been… weird, but in a good way.Stiles always hangs around near the counter, so he can keep a steady conversation with Laura, Cora, one of their baristas, or Derek. They all know to expect him every morning, Erica going to prepare him his coffee before he even manages to open the door to the coffee shop all the way.Derek doesn’t mind as much as he thought he would, even with the increase of people coming and going, hoping to catch sight of Stiles. But he does offer his apartment whenever Stiles’s mouth tightens and his usually bright smiles turn a little brittle and forced.They’ve all gotten to know him during this short time, Derek especially.Derek often follows not long after Stiles goes upstairs, always making sure to bring a pastry with him. They talk during those times, just the two of them, about anything and everything they can think of. It makes Derek warm knowing he sees a side of Stiles the outside world doesn’t, a Stiles that doesn’t have to put up a front or smile all the time, a Stiles that can just be himself.“You’re a pain in my ass, more like,” Cora rolls her eyes. “We’ve been crowded ever since people realized the famous Stiles Stilinski liked our coffee and food. We had to hire more people to help.”“You know, some people wouldn’t complain about business going well,” Stiles points out.“They’re not some people,” Erica pipes up, handing Stiles his usual drink. “They’re Hales. You can count on them not having appropriate reactions about anything.”“Oh, really?” Stiles asks, interested.“No,” Derek says before Erica can open her mouth. “We’re busy, we don’t have time for stories.”“Why, boss, are you afraid I’ll tell Stiles something embarrassing?” Erica smirks, hip checking Derek.“Oh, please do,” Stiles says, lips curling up as he looks from Erica to Derek.“If you want to know about Derek, you should come talk to me,” Laura says, coming up behind Stiles. “I’ve known him his entire life and bore witness to pretty much every embarrassing thing he ever did.”Derek should have known that after getting over having one of her favorite actors at their coffee shop, Laura would immediately befriend him. He should have put a stop to it before it happened, but when he tried Laura and Stiles were already bonding over making fools of themselves in front of people they admired and gossiping about the people in Beacon Hills.“No,” Derek repeats, more strongly this time. “I called you in to help us, Laura, not to gossip.”“I wouldn’t call what we do gossip,” Laura sniffs, and Stiles nods in agreement.It’s Derek turn to make a face at them.“You look like an angry bunny when you do that,” Stiles comments, grinning.“I— What?” Derek sputters, blushing.“‘S cute,” Stiles tells him, rocking back on his heels. “With the eyebrows and the way your teeth peek out between your lips. I like it.”Derek blinks at him, not knowing what to say. But he knows he’s turning redder by the minute, though.“You know what? You’re here all the time,” Cora says, giving Stiles a considering look. “If you’re not going to find the guts to ask Derek out anytime soon, the least you can do is help us. You know, since this whole thing is kind of you fault anyway?”“Ugh, Cora,” Stiles groans, scrubbing a hand over his face, only to stop and stare at her. “Wait, you’d teach how to use the espresso machine?”“You’ve been trying to ask me out?” Derek asks, baffled.“You’re an idiot,” Erica says, shaking her head at him.“Hopeless,” Laura adds.“Kind of?” Stiles asks, shrugging one shoulder.Derek scowls. “You don’t sound so sure.”Stiles huffs, looking around the shop before asking, “Can we go upstairs?”Derek startles a bit, but still says, “Sure.”“No having sex on the couch,” Cora whispers as they pass her. “I sit there.”Derek glares at her before following Stiles up, all the while trying to ignore the butterflies in his stomach.“So,” Stiles says once they’re in Derek’s living room.“You’ve been trying to ask me out?” Derek asks again, mouth dry.“I’ve been waiting for the right time,” Stiles says softly. “I figured after showing up here for the first time wasn’t it, with catching you off guard and maybe you thinking the date was some sort of ‘thank you’ for helping me hide.”“Isn’t it?”“No,” Stiles says firmly, taking a step closer to Derek. “It’s not, so that’s why I didn’t. And after that you were always so busy working, because having me around means having everyone that lives in this town around, too.”“We’re not surrounded all the time,” Derek reminds him, gesturing to the apartment.“I know,” Stiles nods, giving him a small smile. “But I like spending that time with you. I like talking to you without people around and how you never seem to judge me for what’s coming out of my mouth. You also don’t seem to care about how famous I am or how much money I’m worth. I didn’t want to risk losing that. I didn’t want to ask then in case you said no.”“I wouldn’t have said no,” Derek mutters, burying his hands in his pockets.“Yeah?” Stiles asks, coming a bit closer, eyes huge and bright and hopeful.“You won’t know for sure until you ask,” Derek points out, making Stiles let out a small laugh.“So,” Stiles drawls, closing the distance between them. “Derek Hale, would you like to go on a date with me?”“Yes,” Derek says, lips twitching up.“Oh, good,” Stiles beams, and then frowns. “Do you think this means I can still learn how to make drinks?”Derek chuckles, curling a hand around the back of Stiles’s neck and rests their foreheads together.“Whatever you want.”*“I think you missed your calling,” Erica says, taking a sip of Stiles’s first official drink.“Really?” Stiles smiles.“Let me see,” Laura says, taking the cup from Erica and trying it. Her eyes widen when she takes a drink. “Definitely. This is really good, Stiles. Really really good. Possibly the best coffee I’ve tasted in a while.”“Thanks,” Erica deadpans.“After yours, of course,” Laura adds.“Gimme it,” Cora says, snatching the coffee from Laura. Derek has to fight the urge to smile at the disgruntled look on her face when she drinks it. “I guess it’s alright.”“You could make a lot of money with this,” Laura tells him.“I guess I know what I’ll do if I ever stop acting,” Stiles replies, scratching at the back of his neck.“Don’t interview anywhere else,” Laura points a finger at him. “You’ll have a job here.”“Don’t all Hale siblings have to agree to take me on for that to happen?” Stiles asks, glancing from Derek to Cora.“Just don’t bother me while I’m working and we’ll be okay,” Cora says, waving a hand.“I don’t know,” Derek says when Stiles turns to him. “I haven’t had your coffee yet.”“I can fix that,” Stiles perks up. “Like, right now.”Derek watches in amusement as Stiles goes through the motions of making him a drink, just the way Erica taught him.Soon enough he’s coming up to Derek, a sweet but still hesitant smile on his face when he hands Derek the cup.Derek makes a show of taking it and bringing it up to his lips slowly, eyes never leaving Stiles’s. You know, until he actually gets a taste of Stiles’s coffee. Then he has to close his eyes and do his best not to moan right then and there.Something must show on his face, though, because when he opens his eyes it’s to find Stiles right in front of him, now looking extremely pleased with himself and smirking.“You like it,” Stiles says, poking Derek in the stomach.“Maybe.” Derek takes another sip, eyes almost slipping close again as he drinks.“You like it,” Stiles repeats. “So much so you’ll grab us a table while I go make us drinks, and then we’ll have our date right here.”“Oh, is that right?”“Yup,” Stiles nods. “What do you say?”“You know what I say,” Derek murmurs, but goes ahead anyway, “Yes.”*“You doing okay?” Stiles asks, cupping Derek’s cheek.“You know I don’t like these things,” Derek mutters, messing with his tie.“You always look so good in a suit, though,” Stiles sighs dreamily, leaning into Derek and placing a kiss on the corner of his mouth. “And this is the last Red Carpet of the year. We’ll have a break before we have to suffer through this again.”Derek doesn’t like red carpets for a lot of reasons — the flashes, the shouting questions at him and Stiles, the noise, all the people, having to wear suits and a ties. He especially doesn’t like them because, even after three years together, reporters still make a big deal about how Derek and Stiles fell in love in a coffee shop while Stiles was having some down time between films.Not that it isn’t a big deal, because it very much is. To Derek.Having Stiles break into his shop and hide behind the counter was probably one of the best things that ever happened to him, but still.Derek doesn’t like how other people make a show of it, like they have any rights to their story.“Great,” Derek huffs, shoulders slumping a little.“C’mere,” Stiles says, moving his hand to Derek’s hair so he can bring Derek to him.Derek goes, feeling himself relax at the first touch of Stiles’s lips against his. Stiles still tastes the same as he did when they had their first kiss, of candy and coffee and mint, and it’s the easiest thing in the world for Derek to open his mouth and let Stiles deepen the kiss.“Better?” Stiles asks when he pulls back, mouth red.“Yeah,” Derek says, rubbing their noses together.“Ready to face the music?”“Promise to make it up to me later?” Derek raises an eyebrow at him.“You know it, baby,” Stiles breathes out, stealing a quick kiss. “Love you.”“Love you, too,” Derek says, and he doesn’t even mind all the flashes very much as they climb out of the limousine.At least not when he has Stiles’s warm and dry palm against his own.
Simon
“Penny, he’s back,” I groan. I rush into the back office where Penny is sitting on a stack of boxes, a huge notebook on her lap. She doesn’t even look up.“Who’s back?”I huff. She knows.“Him! You know!”She finally looks up and stares at me through her huge glasses. Some of her curly hair is stuck underneath the lenses.“Simon. I don’t know.” She’s being deliberately thick, she absolutely knows, but I gesture wildly toward the front of the cafe where I know he’s currently waiting. I practically ran back here the second the door opened and I saw his stupid coat and stupid bun.“Him! The tosser with the names. Baz. Basil. Basilton. Who has two nicknames for the same name?” Penny has looked back down again. She’s already checked out of this conversation. She always does when I try to talk about him.“He comes here every day. Why is this a surprise?” “It’s not a surprise!” I sputter. I’m getting flustered. I hate explaining things.“Please, will you take his order? I already know what it is. I’ll make the revolting thing, just please talk to him.”Penny sighs, one of those deep, heavy sighs that feels like a parent coming to scold you. Penny has all of those mum sounds down perfectly. She’s going to be a terrifying mum one day, but in a good way. I guess she learned it from the best. Professor Bunce is extremely intimidating.“Simon, I have a ton of orders to go through here. Why can’t you just deal with this?”“Because we always fight! He’s such a tosser, we always end up squabbling and today has been so good, Penny. It’s been so good. Don’t let him ruin this day for me.”Today has been good. It’s getting colder, and I don’t feel like I’m about to burn alive for once, and I opened the cafe this morning so I got first dibs on the scones. It’s been a great day. I turn on the charm. I open my eyes wider. I pray that she’ll take the bait. She doesn’t even look.“That’s just your thing, you know? Everyone has a thing they do with their barista. This is yours. Just go.”“And Basilton isn’t even his name!” I’m almost shouting. I should probably be a bit quieter. “It’s his middle name. The professor called out his whole name in class, it was like an entire sentence. His name is basically Tyrannosaurus, Penny. Tyrannosaurus.” Baz They have absolutely no fucking idea I can hear them.  Simon “Simon, this is absurd. I’m not doing your work for you.” Penny doesn’t mention that she’s busy doing just that, because I made a mess of the supply forms last week. I appreciate that she doesn’t go for the low blow. “Fine,” I say dejectedly. “I’ll do it.”The tone of defeat is what finally gets Penny to crack. “Simon, why does he bother you so much?”That’s all the invitation I need.“He’s just so creepy! He comes in — always alone — every day and orders that disgusting custom drink—““Oh, I think it’s rather good,” Penny interrupts.“Yeah, every now and then, sure,” I concede. I’m still flustered. I know he’s standing out there. I guess I’ve kind of been making him wait for a long time. It’s a bit rude. I should probably just go out there and deal with it. Especially if I was wrong. What if it’s not him?“I should just go take his order, shouldn’t I?”Penny nods, she’s not looking at me again. “That would probably be a wise idea, yes.”I peer around the corner.Nope. It’s definitely him. He sneers the moment I step out from the back office. Actually sneers. I’ve never seen someone do this before, but he’s got it down to an absolute art. I shuffle to the register, my head down, and grab a medium cup from the stack. I won’t fight with him today. I won’t ruin this good day. I look up to give him one curt nod, then begin writing his order on the cup.“Usual then?” 
Baz
He’s already written my order before asking what I want. It is what I want. But I hate the presumptuousness of it. I dislike being predictable. Not to mention I just heard him call it disgusting. Twice.“Usual then?” he asks. He speaks like a street rat, slurring his words together into some unintelligible mess of uzalen? “No.” My voice is cold and clipped. Good. “I’ll have a large black coffee today.”I’ve surprised him. You can see every expression on his stupid face, and right now he looks confused. His hands stop in the middle of ringing me up and he stares at me, his mouth open.“What?”It comes out low and sluggish. Wat?“A large black coffee,” I repeat. He’s squinting at me now, his blue eyes narrowing into a look of suspicion. He thinks I’m up to something. (I guess I am.)He tosses the cup he had been holding and picks up a new one.“Cutting back on sugar, eh? Good on you mate, got to dodge those root canals,” he says. Hearing him speak is like listening to the murder of the English tongue. I sneer at him again. I give him my best one, the one that reveals my teeth, so he can see them. I don’t like to brag, but they’re perfectly white. I know they look shockingly bright against my dark skin. Okay, maybe I do like to brag.He’s staring at me. He’s waiting for me to respond. I stare back. He expects us to fight. So I’ll refuse to engage. It will throw him. He’s still staring, and a flush is working up the tawny skin and moles of his neck and travelling up to his cheeks, where it meets his ridiculous mess of freckles. My silence is unnerving him.“Is that… “ he stops. He moves his hand as if to pull it through the craze of curls on the top of his head but then he stops, and his hand is just hanging in midair. He looks like a gorgeous idiot. “Is that all?”I don’t know if he’s talking about my order or the conversation. I just nod. He squints at me again like I’ve just upended his entire world. (God, I wish.)“You sure you don’t want your mocha?”“Yes,” I say again. I’ve pulled my hand out of my pocket to tap my fingers impatiently against the wood of the counter. He’s staring at them. I tap them louder. “Yes you want your mocha, or yes you’re sure you don’t want your mocha?”This has quickly turned the corner from amusing to fucking excruciating. I would say there’s no way he could possibly be this thick, but he’s outrageously good looking, and brains and beauty rarely go together. Unless you’re me.“Just give me the damn coffee, Snow,” I snap. I see his eyes go wide. I hadn’t meant to let on that I know his name. Fuck.Simon“How do you know my name?” The question is out before I realise it. Sometimes I hate that I say exactly what I think. He’s glaring at me now, so much more intensely than he ever has before. I thought I’d earned his best glare the day I made him insert his chip-pin card ten times in a row because I kept accidentally cancelling his order, but that had nothing on the full-bodied look of hatred I’m getting now.“We have a class together,” he says slowly, like I’m an idiot. “Oh. Right.”I should have thought of that to begin with. That’s how I know his name — his whole name, his whole posh, prehistoric name. He only ever gives his name as “Baz” when he comes into the cafe, and when the professor rattled off that whole mouthful I almost had to clamp my hand over my mouth to keep from laughing. I’m surprised he realised I’m in that seminar though. I noticed him the second he walked in on the first day of term, but I sat in the back and he never acknowledged me, so I guess I just kind of assumed he hadn’t noticed.He’s still tapping his fingers on the counter in front of me. They’re unnaturally long and slender. But not in a creepy way. In like, an outrageously elegant way. Who has fingers like that? I can’t help but look at my own hands as I punch his new order into the system. They’re pretty stumpy. Even my hands have freckles on them. It’s a bit mad, actually. I always look like someone has sprinkled a bit of dirt over me.“Alright, so, right, that will be £1.50 then.” His fingers stop drumming long enough to fish out a handful of coins and slide them across the counter. “Thanks, right,” I say as I slide them into the register. It closes with a thud, but he’s still standing there like a complete tosser, his hands in his pitch black jacket. He’s still staring. “My coffee,” he says again, tilting his head toward the cup. I feel myself go bright red again. Fuck. Right. The coffee. 
Baz
“So, you ready for that presentation on Monday then?” he asks cheerily as he fills my new cup. Why is he making conversation about school suddenly? And especially about that ridiculous class.I’m actually a bit embarrassed to even be in it. It’s one of those first year seminars where they make you learn how to write essays and make powerpoints and work as a team. I didn’t take it my first year because I thought it was excessively stupid, and I was fairly sure I would be able to get out of it. Which didn’t work out exactly how I thought, as I am now surrounded by first years. When Snow dragged himself in (late) that first day, I would have assumed he was a first year as well, if it weren’t for the fact that he’s been working in this cafe for at least two years, and he’d been in an upper-level class with me last year. (Statistics.) (I’m fairly sure that Bunce girl did all his work for him). So Snow and I are the only non-first years in the class, and it’s all a bit humiliating.“Yes. I’m prepared,” I say as he puts on the lid. “For the presentation tomorrow.” I see him freeze. Panic flares around him as his blue eyes go wide, and his mouth opens a bit. He’s an absolute moron, and he believes my lie completely.I can’t contain my smirk. He sees it, and it seems to piss him off because his shoulders hunch and he juts out his chin when he shoves my coffee at me. (Christ, even his hands have freckles.) (He always looks like someone has just sprinkled cinnamon on him.)I glance at the cup before I raise it to my lips, and one eyebrow goes up when I see what ridiculous insult he’s written on the cup today. “Tosser?” I ask breezily, shaking my head. “Not your best, Snow.”I wait till I’m out of the cafe and well out of sight of the windows before I throw it away. I hate black coffee.Shiro is not that much of a texter.Unless Keith’s ‘late’, in his best friend’s standards, for their afternoon class’s presentation and Shiro’s losing his shit. Keith skips through some of the messages that come without pause; words like ‘flashcards’, ‘Matt’ and ‘moron’ repeating themselves every few rows.And some other words like ‘rude’, ‘Shiro’ and ‘post-its’ are also thrown into the conversation and Keith slowly backs away from the conversation, letting both of his teammates to figure out for themselves until he gets to the classroom.But first, his coffee.It’s not a detour, per se, not really. Arus Beans is, at tops, five minutes walk from his building and the morning rush hour had already died by the time Keith steps into the small but cozy coffee shop inside his campus.Keith allows himself a moment to breathe in the smell of coffee and breakfast pastries. Maybe we will add a muffin since it’s Friday and he might need something to cheer himself up before his presentation.Especially if his teammates’ texts keep making his phone vibrate like a sex toy inside his jeans.Keith complains under his breath as he takes his phone once again from his front pocket, rolling his eyes at the bickering between Shiro and Matt as he waits for his turn on the line in front of the shop’s counter.In Keith’s opinion, writing on your hand gets the job done as much as flashcards or post-its. But he doesn’t have a death wish, so he doesn’t say anything in their group chat.He only moves forward when he catches from the corner of his eyes the space in front of him is free from the ass of a stranger. He steps forward until he sees it again.And again, and again.Until instead of an ass that looks like a plank, he meets the edge of a counter.“Morning! What can I get you?” ‘I could get drunk on that voice,’  Keith thinks on the side, pushing down his own thought as he keeps typing his answer to Matt’s question about Keith’s equation inside their presentation. As if the nerd didn’t know it.“Um, just a French Vanilla and a choco muffin, please,” he answers distracted, huffing when Matt answers him with a smiley emoji and a photo of his equation written in a post-it. That proves nothing, Matt.“Comin’ right up,” the barista behind the counter says smoothly and Keith catches from the side as a brown slender hand reaches for one of the cups within his eye vision. “Can I get a name?”Keith blinks, finally looking up from his phone to actually act like a human and meet the eyes of the person he has been talking to. “Oh, uh, yeah, I’m - “He pauses, if only for a moment because he could not only get drunk over the voice that barista is graced with but also in those eyes. Those cheekbones, lips, eyelashes. That skin, hair, nose. And woah, just woah.Don’t fuck this up, Brain.“I’m - uh, I’m gay.”You’re an asshole, Brain.Keith snaps himself out of his thing, blinking in both surprise and horror as he slowly processes the words that just left his mouth.But he doesn’t have the time to actually melt into a pile of embarrassment and promise himself to never set foot inside the shop ever again because  the barista behind the counter with blue eyes just snickers.Keith’s chest makes a hard  ‘thump’ when the polite smile over those lips slowly curve themselves into something more genuine.“Hi, Gay, pleasure,” the barista greets playfully, chuckling to himself as he writes down the words on the cup he holds. He nods to himself proudly at his art before meeting Keith’s eyes again and sending him a wink. “I’m Bi, by the way.”Keith blinks. His brain processes slowly. Heart goes wild.“Oh?” he breathes out, blinking owlishly before his chest eases out and a small smile starts growing over his lips at the sight of a blush spreading over the barista’s cheeks. “Lovely name.”“Thanks, my mama was real careful of choosing it before I popped out,” he says, snickering as he puts the cup to the side for his co-worker to take it. “It’s actually my middle name, my first one is Disaster.”Keith laughs, loud and spontaneously enough for him to quickly cover his mouth to muffle it but it’s no use. God, handsome and charming? Keith’s a goner.He knows the barista is just playing along, to make him feel less embarrassed. The thought of it is endearing and pretty sweet. As if the barista needed something else to make him more enchanting. ‘Lance,’  Keith reads the name tag that sits still on the edge of the brunet’s apron. He stays quiet about it, though.“Well,” Keith starts, shaking off the last remains of his snickers before he locks gazes with the brunet once again. “My first name is Very. My parents were Millennials.”Lance snorts, quickly covering his mouth and Keith can only smile wider.“Well, I gotta say, it’s, uh, it’s lovely to meet you, Very Gay,” Lance says slowly, bringing his hand down before sending him a smile.Keith snorts, one of his arms hugging his middle while he uses his right hand to cover half of his face. It does little to hide the soft smile he’s wearing. He might not come out alive from this.“Likewise, Disaster Bi.”“And I’m Coffee, first name Want,” someone behind Keith says, voice gruffy and impatient enough for Keith to look over his shoulder and recognize the person.Keith blinks before he frowns. “No, it’s not? Your name is James Griffin,” he says slowly, looking at his classmate like he’s missing a bolt. James throws his hands in the air.“Just ask for his number, Kogane! I want my coffee!”Keith flushes hard at the words, spluttering over his own as he tries to defend himself but the laugh coming from behind the counter steals his attention.“Way ahead of you,” Lance mumbles, sending Keith a wink that makes his knees weak. “Your coffee will be ready in a sec.”“Thank you,” Keith says quietly, tucking his some of his hair behind his ear when Lance beams at him. Keith nods and steps to the side, awkwardly waving the barista goodbye.Lance waves back at him and Keith bites down his lower lip when the brunet doesn’t look away from him, not even as James tries to catch his attention.It’s not long before a person appears behind the pick-up counter, holding both his drink and muffin in her hands. “French Vainilla, a muffin and a cute barista’s number?” she asks, eyes twinkling playfully when Keith flushes at the words.He raises his hand slowly and meeks out a soft, “Me.”The girl -  Romelle , he reads from her nametag - laughs softly before she waves him goodbye. Keith nods awardkly back as he turns and heads towards the door, eyes fixed on the ten digits just below the word ‘Gay’.His lips curve happily up without him knowing.“Hey!” Keith hears behind him, making him stop abruptly on his tracks. He turns, looking bewildered before his eyes fall on Lance, his lips tugging upwards as the brunet lays half of his boy on the counter to catch his eye. “Do you have a third name¡?”Keith blinks before he laughs and nods enthusiastically. “I’m Keith!”“I like Gay better!”Keith snorts, rolling his eyes before his smile softens. “You and me both,” he says, adding a wink to the end before he takes a sip of his coffee and pushes the door open.His heart does several flips when he hears the echo of James’s complaints not a second later behind him.“McClain, do not swoon over the counter! McClain, my coffee!  McClain! ”Keith doesn’t stop smiling through the still-going debate between flashcards and post-its. Or through his entire presentation. Or through his new chat conversation late at night with a certain someone. 
          Disaster Bi [19:43]: 
                  looking forward for friday :D 
          Very Gay [19:44]: 
                  you and me both (:Bellamy tries to stay humble, but, honestly, there's a certain demographic that he can expect to recognize him. It's not ego--although he also has a pretty healthy ego--it's just fact. Girls fourteen to thirty tend to know who Bellamy Blake is, or, at least, who James Potter is. And they recognize that Bellamy is the one playing him, even if they don't always know his actual full name. Harry Potter: Marauders is really popular, and Bellamy's the fucking lead. He doesn't always love that--fame is simultaneously cool and overwhelming--but after six years, he has certain expectations about what will happen when he meets new people, especially people in certain age groups.Which was one of the reasons he wasn't looking forward to his baby sister's wedding. Others include: it's his baby sister (who just graduated from college, Jesus) and it's her wedding and he's in the middle of nowhere for a week and a half and he doesn't even get to hang out with O that much, because she's busy with wedding stuff and he's terrible at it.Today, he has been entrusted with exactly one thing, and when he sees the girl behind the counter, he figures it'll be easy. She's probably around his sister's age, right in their target demographic, and she's cute. For once, his fame could actually improve his life. That would be cool.He can just hear Octavia's voice in his head saying, You don't have to flirt to get coffee, Bell, it's her job to give you coffee but he ignores it. He's bored, he's cranky, and he likes Lincoln's family well enough, but he feels kind of shitty that all he's really contributing to the whole wedding thing is money and giving his sister away, while they do all the real work. Which is fucked up all by itself, because if you'd asked him ten years ago, all he would have wanted was to be able to give his sister enough money so she could get through college and have the perfect wedding. But it stings sometimes, feeling like that's all he's good for now.So, yeah. He's in a shitty mood. He wants a pretty girl to validate him. It's not a crime."Hi," he says, leaning on the counter. "Clarke," he adds, with a glance down at her name tag.Her smile is bright and totally, completely fake. There's not even a flicker of recognition. "Hi, what can I get you?""What's the largest quantity of coffee I can get?" he asks. He tries another grin, and she has absolutely no reaction except for a considerate raise of her eyebrows.It's--okay, honestly, it's kind of nice. Just as a change of pace. His notoriety not working for him could be good too."I have a bucket in the back," she says. "But I'd have to get the soapy water and mop out of it first."He laughs, surprised. "I was thinking something I could take to my sister's house to be a hero. Assume I'm very bad at wedding planning and this is all I can contribute. So the bucket is good for volume, but hard to transport.""Ah," she says, nodding. "I thought you wanted our largest personal size.""I want that too. So the mop bucket and a vat, maybe."She snorts, which further improves his mood. It doesn't sound like a you're famous and I'm pretending to be impressed with your wit laugh; it's genuine, albeit reluctant, amusement at his shitty joke."You think we just keep vats in the back?""I assume I'm not the only person who's ever come in asking for massive quantities of coffee.""You're not, no. I get that a lot." She turns around and stretches up to pull something down from a shelf, flashing a strip of pale skin between her jeans and black t-shirt. She's really cute."This is our travel jug," she says, plopping the cardboard container down on the counter."Is that the official name?""It is now, shut up," she says, bright and completely professional, and he actually laughs in surprise."Sorry I doubted you.""You should be. There's about twelve small cups in here. Are you catering the wedding? Because if so, this will not be enough, and you really are very bad at wedding planning.""No, this is just a thing where we do last-minute logistical stuff with my sister's new in-laws.""And you're scared of her new in-laws.""Everything about this wedding is terrifying to me."She laughs again. "No wonder you need as much coffee as possible.""Exactly. But leave a little room for whiskey, if you can.""Don't worry, I've been working at coffee shops since high school, I know how to do my job," she says, but her smile is teasing. "How many travel jugs do you want?""Two. And the largest black coffee I can get. And, uh--assortment of your twenty best pastries?""Going all out.""Again, I'm contributing basically nothing to the entire wedding process, so, yeah. Pastries, coffee, cash.""I don't see how you think you're bad at this. Those are my three favorite things." She starts getting his order ready, and he leans on the counter, watching the easy way she moves. She really has no idea who he is; it's been a while since that happened. "Who's your sister?" she asks."Huh?""It's not a huge town.""Oh. Octavia Blake?"She frowns, then snaps her fingers. "Lincoln's fiancée?""Yeah," he says, surprised. "I've only met her a couple times," she explains. "But he and I are friends. He shows my art at his gallery somtimes. He's been a wreck for months.""Because he loves my little sister and wants them to have the best wedding ever, right? Not because he's having second thoughts or thinks she's going to discover he's got like five other girlfriends before they get married, right?" She gives him the most thoroughly unimpressed look he has ever received. "Yes, because he wants it to be the best wedding ever. Lincoln is a great guy.""I know. I'm just not psychologically prepared."That makes her smile. "For anything?"He makes a show of thinking it over. She's awesome; he wants her to constantly be thinking he's cute and vaguely ridiculous. "Excuse me," someone says, before he can answer her. The girl behind him is about sixteen, shy, biting her lip, and his heart sinks. "Are you, um, Bellamy Blake?""Yeah," he says, giving her a smile and not letting his eyes dart to Clarke."I love your show!" she bursts out, like she's maybe been watching him and rehearsing it. "You guys do such a great job.""Thank you.""I know you're, um, on vacation and stuff, but I was wondering if I could maybe get a selfie? It's okay if I can't!""Yeah, of course," he says. He's still managing a smile for her, but his neck is heating up. Maybe Clarke is somehow missing this. Or can't hear the girl. Even though she's nervous enough she's not regulating the volume of her voice.He can dream."Clarke, could you maybe?" the girl asks, holding her phone out to Clarke, and Bellamy goes completely red. Clarke just takes the phone with a smile of her own. "Sure, no problem."Bellamy puts his arm around the girl on autopilot; selfies are second-nature at this point, even when he's kind of quietly freaking out. It's not like it's weird to have not brought up who he is. It would have been weirder to do it. But some people get embarrassed, when they find out they didn't realize they were talking to a celebrity, and everyone gets different. He was having fun flirting with Clarke with absolutely no fame involved, but now it's there, and they can't go back."I'm gonna take a couple, just to make sure you get one you like," Clarke says, watching them through the phone. She snaps a couple and then gives them both a sunny grin. "Very cute. And now you can come help me with his order," she adds, to the girl."Sorry!""I assume he would have mentioned if he was in a hurry," Clarke says, returning the phone with another smile. "You're good."The girl checks the pictures, grins, and says, "Thank you so much!" to Bellamy before she ducks behind the counter and into the back room.He's still trying to figure out the right thing to say when Clarke hands him a large mug of coffee. "Drink that while I'm getting the rest of your stuff," she advises. "I'm going to let Charlotte handle your travel jugs while I pick the best pastries, obviously.""Obviously," he says, taking a sip. It's not bad coffee, as a bonus. "Anyone can fill up a jug.""Exactly. You want someone trustworthy for your pastries." She grabs a box and slides down to the display case, which is full of pretty awesome-looking baked goods. "Any particular favorites?""Uh, I don't know. Those croissants look good?""Excellent choice," says Clarke. "Is Lincoln going to be at this thing?""Yeah.""Okay, he loves the raspberry squares, so you can get him those and be the best pre-brother-in-law ever. And he said your sister had a sweet tooth?""She does, yeah.""Okay. Any allergies on anyone?""Not that they've told me about.""Awesome. I've got you," she says, and talks him through her baked good selections as the other girl, Charlotte, gets his coffee and surreptitiously watches him. But it is surreptitious, and Clarke's not commenting, so--it could be worse.She finishes up his box of pastries and grabs the coffee to ring him up. She accepts his credit card, and when she gives him the iPad to sign, he gives a huge tip, because what's the point of being a rich TV star if you can't tip people egregiously? "You need a hand?" she asks."Sorry?""Two jugs, a giant box, and your cup," says Clarke. "Do you need help getting this stuff to your car?""Oh. Yeah, that would be great. If you don't mind?"She makes a point of looking around, emphasizing how quiet it is. "We've usually got kind of a dead period between ten and eleven. And I assume it's not far.""No, just out front. Thank you.""No problem. I don't have any siblings, but regular weddings are stressful enough, so--" She shrugs. "I can carry a box for you."He gets the car unlocked, slides the coffee into the backseat, and accepts the box of pastries from her, and then reclaims his own cup of coffee."Thanks," he says. "Really." He figures she'll be able to tell he's thanking her for the normalcy too. She's smart."No problem."Impulsive, he offers his hand. "I'm Bellamy, by the way.""Clarke," she says, poking the name tag. But she does shake. "Good luck with the wedding, Bellamy."*The next day, Octavia sends him back to the coffee shop, because apparently they now agree that this is the way he can best contribute to the entire process. He can get coffee and baked goods and be available for Octavia to roll her eyes at when things go poorly. It's basically his skill set.And, okay, he's not really heartbroken to go back to the coffee shop. It's earlier in the day, so there's an actual line, and a few people recognize him while he's waiting. He does autographs for a couple college guys and a selfie with a group of high schoolers, and when he reaches Clarke she gives him an indulgent, amused smile."Don't worry, I'm not busy at all, hold up the line all you want."He ducks his head on an embarrassed smile. "And I've got a giant order, like an asshole.""Assuming you pay me for the order, I'll allow it. Hi, Bellamy.""Hi, Clarke. Same as yesterday, basically. Everyone was really happy, so this now my role in this wedding.""Honestly, I was in the wedding party for my friend Wells last month, I think the less involved you are in the actual ceremony, the better off you are," she says. She signals for the guy doing coffee to take the register and starts getting his jugs ready, which makes him feel stupidly happy. She's helping him. "Also, Charlotte yelled at me for half an hour for not recognizing you yesterday, so thanks for that."He snorts. "How is that my fault?""If you hadn't come in, this never would have happened," she says, grinning."Oh, yeah, when you put it like that, I'm an asshole.""Yeah, that was my thought." He's expecting a follow-up, bracing for it, but instead she asks, "So, anything you want more or less of after yesterday? Did you learn any pastry lessons?" and he finds himself grinning again.He's got nothing to do in the afternoon again, so instead of hanging out in his hotel room like he's been doing, he grabs his laptop and heads back to the coffee shop, on the grounds that it's probably better than being alone. It's not like people don't know he's here; the cat is out of the bag. If anyone wants to come stalk him, they won't have much trouble. Charlotte is behind the counter when he gets in, not Clarke, but he doesn't let himself be disappointed. He just wants some coffee and a quiet place to chill. This was definitely not about Clarke.Charlotte greets him with, "Hi, Bellamy!" a little too loud and chipper, but is normal other than that, and he finds a booth in the back that's fairly private, settles in with his headphones and Civilization IV, because he can definitely be a normal twenty-six-year-old guy, playing video games in a coffee shop. This is totally what people do.He's startled by the sound of a plate a few minutes later, looks up to see Clarke sliding in across from him.The plate has a sugar cookie on it, and the sugar cookie has a smiley face on it in blue frosting."Hi," she says.He feels his own grin breaking out, and he probably looks ridiculous. "Hi.""What supplies are you here for?""No supplies. I just don't have anything to do, so I've got my phone in case there's an emergency and I'm playing video games until then.""Ooh," she says, getting up and sitting next to him instead. She smells like sugar and coffee, and she's leaning in close. "What are you playing?""Civilization IV.""Never heard of it. I'm more of a Sims girl.""Do you actually let them be productive members of society, or do you just murder them?""Somewhere in between. I like to get them going with alternate streams of revenue. I trained my cat to hunt things for me, that's pretty cool. She keeps bringing back expensive insects I can sell to make ends meet."He laughs. "Wow. It's been too long since I played the Sims, apparently.""Yeah, there's all kinds of new tech." She worries her lip, and then just says, "So, you're famous.""Kind of.""Is it fucked up?"His laugh is startled and too loud, which seems to delight her; she looks smug as anything. "It is fucked up, yeah. Not--I don't know. I'm not that famous? Like--B list, maybe? At best. But I've got a pretty dedicated fanbase.""Yeah, that's what Charlotte told me." She nudges the cookie toward him. "Come on, validate me and tell me it's good."He breaks a piece off. "Is your ego tied to how much I like the baked goods here? Because I wouldn't keep coming back if the food wasn't good.""Well, I make the food, so--"He chokes on the cookie, and she thumps his back. "Really?""It's my shop. I own it.""Oh." He cocks his head at her, and she gives him a serene smile. "Twenty-four?" he guesses."Twenty-three." She laces her fingers together and stretches her hands out in front of her; at least half her knuckles crack. When he winces, she just grins."Not a family business," he says when she doesn't say anything else, because he's sure of that. Honestly, he'd had her pegged as a student who was just here for the summer, but she makes sense slotting in as the owner. The place isn't new, but it's definitely recent, nicely decorated with the kind of aesthetic Bellamy thinks appeals to people in his age range. And Clarke is--well, there's a confidence to her that makes sense now. This is her place."Nope," she agrees. "I was pre-med in college, but I--it's not like I hated it or anything, but I was stress baking all the time, and I liked that a lot better. So it seemed kind of stupid to go to medical school for ten billion years for something I wasn't even sure I wanted to do, you know? My mom was--concerned, but I told her if this didn't work out, I could still go back to med school." She grins. "And now she's upset it's not crashing and burning.""Sucks to be her," he says. "The cookie is really good.""And now that you know my secret identity, I know that even if it sucked, you'd say that just to be polite," she teases."Oh, no, I'm totally a rude dick. I'd definitely tell you.""Awesome." She props her chin on her hand, watching him. "How did you become an actor?""By accident. I've got one of those perfect Hollywood stories. I was waiting tables in LA--that's where me and O grew up--and the casting director was having a meeting with the producers, and one of the producers was saying she wanted James to look like--and she was kind of looking around and just pointed at me. And another producer was like, yeah, he does look right, and they asked if I was an actor and I'd come read for them. I guess the casting director had just been giving them white guys, so I was pretty exciting."Her laugh is bright and delighted, and he grins too. "Wow, that really is perfect.""Yeah, luckiest shift of my entire life. It was a last-minute switch with a guy who had a date, too, so--yeah.""That's cool, though."He has to ask. "You really didn't recognize me?""Sorry.""Honestly, you just seem like someone who would be really into Harry Potter."Her smile goes a little wistful. "Okay, yeah, you're right. I am pretty into Harry Potter. And your show's good! Or it was. I watched the first few episodes. It came out--five years ago, right?""That's when the first season started airing, yeah."She nods. "I was in college. My girlfriend and I watched it together, and I liked it, but--then we broke up, and it was a shitty breakup, and that became one of those things I used to do with her, and doing it alone was weird, so--I stopped. And you're a lot older now.""Okay, yeah, I can see that.""So, you're no longer offended I didn't recognize you?""Not offended, just surprised.""You've charmed all my underage baristas, if that helps. As soon as Charlotte told them you were here everyone started trying to pick up extra shifts.""She's playing it pretty cool.""I think she's hoping I'll marry you, and then she gets celebrity access all the time. It's a long game.""Solid plan. Does she know you're a lesbian and just not care?""Bisexual, thanks," she says, with just enough of an edge that he feels bad."Sorry. That felt smoother than just asking. And slightly less desperate.""Bi," she says again, but friendly this time, and leans in to look at his computer. "Come on, show me this game."He laughs and turns his focus back to the laptop. "Don't you have a job or something?""I've got an in with the boss," she says, and steals a piece of his cookie. "I think I'll be fine."*"Lincoln says you made a friend."It's three days before the wedding, and Bellamy is buying Octavia dinner, just the two of them, because it's his last real chance to do anything with just the two of them. Tomorrow is the rehearsal dinner, and then the next day is the actual wedding. His sister is going to be married in seventy-two hours. He's been freaking out to Clarke about it, quietly, which is probably why Octavia is asking. Because, yeah, he has made friends with her, in a limited sense. He gets coffee at least once a day and hangs out, and she brings him baked goods and updates him on how much her baristas are freaking out about his continued presence in their lives. He still hasn't managed to do anything as drastic as asking for her number or spending time with her outside of her shop, but he's working up to that. In the next three days."Yeah," he tells his sister. "But I still suck at sharing, so it's not like I'm a completely different person." He pauses. "How did Lincoln know?""She's watching the gallery for him when we're on our honeymoon," Octavia says. "And they are friends. She's coming to the wedding."Bellamy blinks. "She is?""She RSVPed. Sorry, maybe she wanted to surprise you." She cocks her head at him. "She's not just, you know. Excited about flirting with a celebrity, right?""Who said anything about flirting?" he grumbles. His sister just looks unimpressed, and he takes a sip of wine. "She didn't even recognize me, okay? She's very normal. And I like hanging out with her. Don't tell me you'd be happier if I was moping on your couch not knowing what to do with myself.""That was basically what I was expecting.""Yeah, me too. I let all of us down." He smiles at her. "Have I told you I'm proud of you yet?""No, but I feel like that's weird. Like--I'm getting married. It's not really that much of an accomplishment. Most people do it at some point in their lives. Good for me, I--""Found a great guy you love and want to spend the rest of your life with," Bellamy says. "That's pretty cool."She inclines her head, smiling. "Okay, that part is pretty cool. But it's, you know. Luck. It's not like I did anything special." Her smile kicks up to a grin. "Sometimes, you just walk into a coffee shop and--"He groans and kicks her under the table. "Okay, moment over. I'm not getting married.""No," she agrees. "But maybe someday. And congratulations on making an actual friend.""Thanks," he says, raising his glass. "Real life accomplishment right there."*"You're coming to my sister's wedding," he tells Clarke the next morning."I can't tell if you think this is news to me or what," she says. She's halfway under the counter, apparently looking for something. "But yes, I am.""Why didn't you tell me?""I have a hot dress with amazing cleavage, I wanted it to be a surprise." While he's trying to formulate a response, she emerges from under the counter with a carton of soy milk and gives him a bright smile. "Honestly, I was just curious if you were ever going to find out.""Who else was going to tell me?""It's your sister's wedding! I thought you might at some point interact with the guest list.""Yeah, you definitely should have known better.""Sorry for having some small amount of faith in you.""You should be." He leans on the counter. "So, you're coming to my sister's wedding.""Yeah."He pauses. "Shit."She laughs. "Sorry, did you not want me to come?" "No, I was going to try to see if you wanted to help me navigate there, because I obviously can't find my way by myself. It was going to be really smooth. But I'm in the wedding, so I'm going over really early.""You know nothing you think is smooth actually is, right?""That's why I usually coast on the celebrity thing.""Good plan." She rests her elbows on the counter, smiling. "I will be at the wedding. And the reception. I'll probably even dance with you, if you play your cards right."It's a little sad, how exciting the prospect is. Bellamy's last actual, honest-to-god girlfriend was Gina Martin, the actress who plays Alice Longbottom, and the two of them mostly dated because they knew each other's schedules and lives pretty well and have the same sense of humor. The breakup was amicable and they're still friends, but it was over two years ago now, and while he hasn't been celibate, he'll admit that he's not really that interested in casual sex, these days. He'd like something more, and Clarke feels absurdly possible, considering how completely separate she is from his actual life."Yeah?" he asks."Well, you are a celebrity." She hands him the coffee he hadn't even bothered ordering. "And I bet you look cute in a tux."*Bellamy does look great in a tux, if he does say so himself. If he can look hot in wizard robes, he can look hot in anything. Tuxes are even actually supposed to look be attractive. He doesn't manage to spot Clarke during the actual ceremony, but he's pretty confident he looked nice as he walked his sister down the aisle and kissed her cheek, and Clarke was probably even impressed. Maybe checked out his ass a little.But then the ceremony is starting, and his baby sister is getting married, so he doesn't forget Clarke, but she's definitely on the back burner.She hooks her arm into his once he's done with photos, right when he's about to get a little emotional about the whole thing, and he's going to thank her. That's his plan.Then he sees her, so what he actually says is, "Holy shit, you weren't kidding about your dress."He's never actually seen her wearing anything except her work clothes, which are just a plain black t-shirt, jeans, and a red apron. And she looks good in it, it's not like she doesn't. She's completely gorgeous all the time.But the dress is this pale blue gray color, down to just above her knee, showing off her very nice legs, and, well--He's trying not to stare at her cleavage, but Jesus, she has nice breasts. She looks amazing. It's genuinely difficult to keep walking toward the reception instead of dragging her off somewhere private.She bites her lip and actually goes a little red, which is new. Shes always so unflappable. "Yeah?" she asks."Yeah. You look beautiful.""Good recovery."He puts his hand over hers and squeezes. "You do. Also, you know, insanely hot. But mostly beautiful."She laughs, leans her head against his shoulder. "Okay, that was actually approaching smooth.""Awesome. I knew I'd get there.""You look insanely hot too," she says, and he grins."Not beautiful?"She leans up to peck his cheek. "And beautiful."The reception is a pretty loose affair, because Octavia and Lincoln aren't really sit-down dinner kind of people. There's a table full of food and an open bar and a bunch of tables in Lincoln's parents' backyard, but no agenda or assigned seating or anything. He'd been kind of nervous about it, because he didn't know anyone here but Octavia, and it's not like she's going to have any time to hang out with him, so he wasn't sure what he'd do with himself.But now Clarke is here, holding onto his arm and chatting about the new recipe she's trying, and suddenly he's really excited about the next few hours of his life."Hey, are you hungry?" he asks."Yeah, why?""I can get you dinner without having to pay for anything," he teases, and she grins."Aren't you rich or something?""Pretty rich," he agrees. "But I don't know if I want to keep acting once the show is done, so I'm saving most of it. Plus I suck at spending money. I get paranoid."Clarke tugs him to the bar and they order drinks; she downs about half her beer in one gulp, making him grin, and then says, "You don't want to keep acting?"He shrugs. "Like I said, I kind of fell into it. It was never my dream or anything. And it's not bad, but the hours kind of suck and I don't love Hollywood. And doing the show is so fucking easy, you know? It pays me more than enough to live on, and it took off basically immediately, so we've never worried about getting renewed or anything. Trying to be a real actor, getting real jobs? I'm really not interested in that.""So what would you do instead?""Go to school, maybe? I finished high school, but I never did college because I had to work. That could be fun. O says I'm a nerd.""You definitely are.""Thanks.""A hot nerd, though, so you're good. That's totally the dream right now."He smiles. "I don't know. We've got another season, and then maybe a movie, and then I'm done. And I'm about ready, honestly. I love it, but--""It's a job, not a calling.""Not like you and baking," he teases."Shut up. I'm an awesome baker.""You are. I'm a little jealous you're three years younger than I am and have your entire life figured out.""Not the entire thing. Just what I want to be doing right now." "Which is?""Good question." She glances around, and then takes his glass out of his hand, puts it on a table, and tugs him away from the crowd. It's not private, where they end up, but it's not really that close to the festivities.Then she kisses him.Clarke kisses how he thought she would, firm and confident, not exactly in control, but sure of what she wants in a way that a lot of girls don't tend to be, in his experience. She's sure he wants to kiss her--as she should be--and so she just goes for it, and Bellamy slides his arms around her and kisses back, tasting champagne and lip gloss. Even dressed up and perfumed, she smells a little bit like coffee and sugar, and he can't get enough."Oh good," she says, breathless, when she finally pulls away. She's grinning, and he's sure he is too. "I thought we might not be on the same page.""Really?"She laughs, kisses him again, softer and quicker. "No. Not really."*"So, uh," says Bellamy, as he leads his sister through the father-daughter dance. "You're going on your honeymoon, huh?" She looks at him like he's a fucking idiot, which is warranted. "No, we changed our minds. Who wants to be in Hawaii for two weeks? That sounds awful.""I figured.""What's wrong with you?""I was just thinking I could maybe house sit. You know. Watch out for the place while you're gone. Keep it clean. Make sure nothing goes wrong."There's a pause, and then she says, "You're hooking up with Clarke.""I'm hooking up with Clarke," he confirms."She is really hot," O says."Right?""What are you gonna do when the honeymoon's over?""Depends on how the next two weeks go. Filming on season seven doesn't start for another month. And it's not like long distance isn't a thing. I get paid a lot, I can fly places. Visit. Skype's a thing.""Wow, you really like her, huh?" Octavia asks."Like I said, it depends on how the next two weeks go. But so far, yeah. I really like her."He releases Octavia when the song ends, gives her back to Lincoln and snags Clarke for a dance of his own. People are definitely recognizing him and probably at least one person is going to post a picture of the two of them to some social media, and there will be poorly sourced tumblr posts about how he's got a new girlfriend.Which he does, so it's not like it's inaccurate."So, O's gonna let me watch her house while she's on her honeymoon," he tells Clarke, giving her a twirl. Those dancing lessons he had to take for the Yule Ball episode are really paying off."Yeah?""Yup. So I'm going to be here for two more weeks. You need any help at the coffee shop? I'm going to be bored. I could use something to do."She grins, tucks herself back into his arms. "Oh, don't worry. I'll definitely think of something."The first thing that catches Enjolras's eye when he enters the Musain Cafe for the first time is the walls. They're a dull black that it takes him a moment to realize must be chalkboard paint, because near the tables there are words and doodles, and all over, even the erased sections are stained with faint colored marks like the walls have soulmarks. “I told you it was interesting,” says Combeferre, behind him, and Enjolras takes that cue to finish going through the door. “There are murals, sometimes, there was one yesterday, but they're erased fairly quickly.”“Combeferre,” calls one of the baristas, and she must be one of the ones who left a smudge of color on him when he came in for the first time a few days ago. Enjolras would bet, from her bright grin and the way she wears her colors proudly, that she's the burnt orange on his knuckles, Musichetta. Most of her marks are faint, except for a palm and fingers stained bright green from a handshake and a gleaming yellow fingertip, undoubtedly the soulmates Combeferre mentioned. “Is this the friend you talked about?”“We thought we would come in for coffee.” It's after lunch, not a very busy time for a coffee shop, so there isn't a line, though there are people at many of the tables, a few with various colors of chalk that seem to rest in baskets on tabletops making pictures. “Enjolras, this is Musichetta and the man at the drink machine is Grantaire, and the two of you, this is Enjolras, he's my oldest friend and my brightest mark.”“Pleasure,” says Musichetta, and offers her arm. Not everyone is quick to see if they're marked, but Enjolras appreciates the frankness, even if he's nervous. He doesn't take or leave marks easily—his first wasn't until he was a week old, not from his mother or his father but from a grandmother, and it's been infrequent since—and it's a relief when he brushes his palm against her arm and comes free with a light orange stain, leaving a red one in return. She beams at him. “There, Combeferre said I would like you and now the worrying is over with. What do you want to drink?”“Small soy latte, sweet,” he says automatically, and leaves her to take Combeferre's order as well as he looks over to Grantaire, Combeferre's other new mark, a tiny bruise-purple spot on the back of Combeferre's hand. “You're Grantaire?”“You'll forgive me if I don't shake hands,” Grantaire says, showing a pair of gloves as he goes to get the cups for their orders, but his smile is as warm as his tone is abrupt. “Combeferre is a special case, it's nothing against you.”“I used a favor,” Musichetta explains, taking their money and patting Grantaire's shoulder as he passes her. They're easy with each other, probably friends for a long time, and both of them are covered in color, clothes and skin both. It takes Enjolras a moment to remember the chalk, which explains it.“I'll look forward to getting to know you both,” he says, in the long awkward silence following. Grantaire may refuse touch, but the more people with shared marks the more likely they'll leave at least  a little color on each other. It's worth being friendly.“Sure,” says Grantaire, passing his drink over the counter, and Enjolras retreats, waiting for Combeferre to pick a table.*If he comes in the mornings, he's soon recognized by sight by the morning crew: Marius, who's nervous but makes good drinks and leaves a forest green mark on Enjolras's hand when he passes over a drink, and Éponine, who's quiet and wears gloves and has the unfortunate luck of a mark from Marius much darker than hers is on him.There's a table in an out-of-the-way corner, close enough to the table of condiments that he can easily get an extra packet or sugar or a napkin if he wants to, and it's free often enough despite its good vantage point of the walls that Enjolras can claim it for his own. It wobbles some, the legs uneven, but he doesn't bother trying to fix it or reporting it, since it would make a bigger chance of his losing it. Instead, he brings his textbooks and his grading and looks at the walls on his breaks. Some days there's a multitude of conversations spread across them, and others there are intricate murals that he learns to take pictures of on his phone because they're always gone the next day.Éponine swings by his table one afternoon as her shift finishes, a drink in her hand. “On the house. When you've soulmarked several members of the regular staff you get the occasional drink.”Enjolras blinks at her. “Thank you, that's very kind.”“Don't take it personally about R or me,” she says abruptly when he just expects a nod of acknowledgment before she leaves. “I don't touch people I don't know well, and he's … well, he has his own things to worry about. But it's not like you can't talk to us, you know?”“I'll keep it in mind.”Éponine smiles. “You should,” she says, and walks off to erase a drawing of a penis with her sleeve somewhere down the wall (Musichetta explained at one point that standing policy is to leave them if they're well-drawn and erase them if otherwise, and Enjolras is fairly certain that occasionally the staff members have a competition about who finds the best ones).When he looks at the counter, Grantaire is just finished with putting on his apron, and when Enjolras raises his cup in a tentative toast, Grantaire just shakes his head, but he's smiling while he does it.*Enjolras looks up, startled from where he's taking a break from reading and trying to add a bird to today's mural of a forest. Grantaire, standing over him, has chalk dust ground into his skin enough that it almost obscures the marks on his hands, and he's not wearing gloves for once. It's rare to see Grantaire out from behind the counter, and Enjolras rudely gets stuck for a moment surveying the colors on him, recognizing the overlaps he has with Musichetta and Éponine and Marius, and the ones he's starting to have with Enjolras. “I'm not,” he says when Grantaire clears his throat.“I'm on break for the next fifteen, Musichetta said something about labor regulations that I'm sure you'd approve of. Want a lesson?”“Of course,” Enjolras says, even though every attempt to teach him art has ended in disaster.Grantaire picks up a piece of chalk, one of the neutral white ones, and starts showing him how to shape very basic birds.Twenty minutes later, Musichetta has to call Grantaire back to the counter, and the tree nearest Enjolras's table is filled with birds, half of them rough outlines that a child would be ashamed of and half of them increasingly elaborate songbirds and birds of paradise. Grantaire's work is good enough that he must be the one to do the murals, and Enjolras wants to ask why he erases them, but he doesn't know Grantaire well enough for that, lesson aside.“Practice,” Grantaire says as he goes, tossing Enjolras a less worn piece of chalk in purple, several shades brighter than the mark he leaves on people. “I'll expect a better bird by the time you leave.”Enjolras, as a matter of pride, manages a decent robin before he goes, and the next day when he comes back in the whole mural has been erased except for the bird.*“You'll have to meet Combeferre,” he says when they sit down across from him, sharing a chair even though there are extras nearby. “Chances are you'll mark him too. And Courfeyrac and Cosette should come as well, and our friends Feuilly and Jehan.”“And our friend Bahorel,” says Joly. He beams. “I can't wait to meet everyone, it's been a while since I got many new ones.”Enjolras doesn't really want to say that he's almost doubled his number since he came to the Musain, since he knows it's a low amount and he doesn't want pity from people he already likes and respects. “I'll try to have my friends come have one of our lunches here sometime.”“And you'll text us,” says Bossuet, handing over his phone. “Put your number in, I get phone numbers from everyone I exchange marks with, it's the rules.”With Joly and Bossuet around, Grantaire and Musichetta are away from the counter more, and Grantaire is different with the two of them. He laughs more, at ease and making jokes in a way he rarely does with Enjolras, and ends up getting all of them in on a drawing game with the chalk on the walls that involves all of them laughing so much that two patrons leave.“Grantaire likes you,” Joly says once, entirely content, when Grantaire is making an elaborate concoction for some businessman or other.Enjolras looks at the wall, lets himself be distracted by someone's attempt at a haiku over in one corner. “I'm not sure he does, actually.”Bossuet kicks him gently under the table. “He wouldn't talk to you if he didn't like you. He just ...” He hesitates, frowning. “He's like Éponine, kind of, he'll ask about touching you when he's ready.”It isn't fair or kind to ask and Enjolras knows it, so he keeps any further wondering to himself. If Grantaire doesn't want to touch him for whatever reason, it's not his business.*Enjolras looks up at Grantaire from his scrutiny of the latest mural, an undersea picture full of fish and coral and, at present, the pathetic outline of a fish Enjolras is debating on how to fill in. “It doesn't seem to be effective, either way.”“You can't give up so soon. Come on.” Grantaire picks up a piece of chalk. “You've got the outline right, anyone can do a fish outline, so just put some stripes on him or something.”“What if the fish is female?” Enjolras asks, mostly for something to say, and to his surprise he's rewarded with a laugh.“Fine, I won't dictate the genders of your fish, as long as you do more than half-ass them, I taught you better than that.”“You did.” Enjolras lets a minute pass in silence while Grantaire draws a tiny, intricate seahorse with what seems like no effort whatsoever. “Some of my friends may come in for an afternoon sometime soon, to meet Joly and Bossuet and Musichetta and you and Éponine and Marius and possibly your friend Bahorel, if you'd all like. We won't ask you to touch if you aren't comfortable, of course, but there seems to be so much soulmark overlap that people think they should.”Grantaire's chalk squeaks against the wall, but his voice is level when he answers. “I don't mind. Why should I?”Enjolras makes sure he's looking at his fish when he asks his next question. “Is it just me you mind touching? Musichetta had to call in a favor to get you to touch Combeferre, but she wouldn't have done that if she thought it would make you that uncomfortable, and you seem less careful about other customers. If I've done anything to offend you—”“You haven't, I promise.” Grantaire shrugs. “I'm just a little peculiar, that's all. Don't take it personally.”“I'll try not to,” says Enjolras, and he thinks he makes a fairly serviceable fish by the time Grantaire's break is up.*After that, though, he retreats to stand by the counter, which Grantaire and Éponine are manning under the excuse that someone needs to. “They're friendly,” he says. “They won't touch you without asking, either.”“Never thought they would,” Grantaire says. “You wouldn't be friends with them otherwise. And I promise we won't spend the whole afternoon over here, right, Ep?”She rolls her eyes. “Musichetta and Marius were just excited to meet your friends. They'll take over for us in a little while.”“As long as you don't feel pressured.”“For fuck's sake.” Before he's sure what she's doing, Éponine has stripped off one of her gloves and laid the back of her hand against his arm, staining both of them a little darker than he was expecting. “It's not a pressure thing,” she says. “It's a knowing them thing.”“You didn't have to do that to prove anything.”“I know I didn't.” She shakes her head and turns to Grantaire. “You and Enjolras can hold down the fort for a few minutes, right? There seems to be some excitement with Marius.”Enjolras is tempted to follow her, since the excitement seems to involve Courfeyrac and possibly Cosette as well, but Combeferre and Bahorel seem to have it well in hand, so he stays at the counter instead, Grantaire frowning over at their friends, or perhaps at Éponine rushing in to make sure Marius is okay. “Do you want to go after her? I don't know how to make coffee but I could at least take orders.”“I feel as though there's a really good joke about monks to be made here. Joly would be able to come up with it.” Grantaire shakes his head. “It's fine. They're literally ten feet away if there's suddenly a rush, someone will jump behind the counter with me. Tell me what you want to learn how to draw next, instead. You've already done birds and fish, maybe a land creature next?”“Mice,” says Enjolras on a whim, and startles a laugh out of Grantaire.It's an easier afternoon, after that. Enjolras wanders back and forth between the counter and the tables where everyone is congregated, and everyone else gets in the habit as well, the people who work at the Musain swapping easily whenever anyone is needed for a conversation at the table. By the end of the afternoon, everyone has everyone else's number, and most people are sporting new marks (including soulmate-bright ones that Courfeyrac and Marius and Cosette exchange, which explains the commotion and how Éponine avoids touch afterwards except from people she's already touched).Enjolras leaves in a good mood, and two days later when he walks in there's a new mural of the inside of a cozy old-fashioned cottage, and near the floor next to his usual table there's a mousehole with a mouse looking out of it.*“I just wondered, that's all. It's close to the right hue for Grantaire, and I know that you ...”Grantaire has left marks on a few of Enjolras's friends now and never brought it up with Enjolras, and that stings more than he wants to admit. He understands the urge to live with uncertainty over the small chance of not leaving a mark at all, but even then, if he touched Courfeyrac and Jehan, it shouldn't be that much of a stretch. “It's up to him. I think he's aware that I'm willing. And in the mean time, we're friends whether we have each other's colors or not.”“Friends, but not anything else?”“That's up to him.” Enjolras doodles terrible animals even on days when there aren't murals now, miniature elephants and lions and deer that Grantaire laughs and helps him fix, and he thinks there could be something else. He thinks there's something else already, but it's hard to tell when he isn't allowed to touch and be sure, not to leave a mark but to see how Grantaire responds to a hand in his or a kiss. “Not yet, anyway.”*To his surprise, the lights are on, and when he knocks, Grantaire opens the door, eyebrows raised, without his gloves and wearing a t-shirt that exposes more of the colors on his arms than Enjolras has seen before. “You forgot your bag,” he says, because of course he knows.“I did. I should have texted, but if I had one of you would have insisted on bringing it to me and I didn't want to inconvenience anyone.”“Come in, it's behind the counter, I can grab it for you now.” Enjolras follows Grantaire in and looks around. He's not used to the Musain when all the chairs are on the tables, and all the tables are pulled away from the walls, presumably because Grantaire has part of a wall done of what appears to be a mural of a bunch of hot air balloons. “I figured anyone can draw balloons,” Grantaire says from behind the counter, presumably when he notices where Enjolras is looking.“I always wondered if the murals were yours, but no one would ever say for sure.”Grantaire puts the bag on the counter. “Yeah, I have illusions of being a mysterious artist, and I like putting the art degree to some kind of use, but then I inevitably decide they're stupid and erase them. I like that people get to have conversations on the walls anyway, and they can't do that with a mural in the way.”“You do beautiful work, either way.”It doesn't seem like something that should be surprising, but Grantaire looks surprised anyway, fidgeting with something behind the counter. “They're just doodles. Musichetta says they might get me noticed, but I do them because I like to.”Enjolras doesn't have much to say to that besides reiterating what he's already said, and that will just lead he and Grantaire into chasing each other in conversational circles. “Thanks again for the bag,” he finally says.“Everything should be safe inside. It was just a minute after you left that I noticed it was there, but I didn't think to text you.” He shrugs and scrubs a hand across his neck, leaving a cheerful streak of orange across his collarbone. “Sorry.”“It's fine, really.” Enjolras should take his bag and go, most likely, but he and Grantaire are good enough friends that it's hard to say whether he could be expected to stay and keep Grantaire company while he draws now. “You have chalk on your neck,” he says instead of deciding.Grantaire's tone is rueful when he answers. “Pretty much a constant state these days. It starts collecting when I've been out of the shower for less than ten minutes, it's on everything I own.” He scrubs at his neck, but it only succeeds in smearing the color out further. “Did I get it?”“No, it's—” Enjolras breaks off to wave ineffectually at his neck. “You just spread it around.”“You could show me where,” Grantaire says suddenly, voice lowering, and it takes Enjolras a long frozen second to understand the significance. “You don't have to, but you could.”Enjolras is very careful as he steps close enough to be within arm's reach, if he's assuming right. “May I touch your skin, then?” He clears his throat. “To show you where?”Grantaire swallows. “Go ahead.”Enjolras has been very careful not to imagine touching Grantaire for the first time, the usual clear spots of hand or arm, the face for people who assume they'll be close, the mark of a messy kiss from people who are very sure. Now that he's given permission, he has to restrain himself to raising his hand, telegraphing his movements so Grantaire can tell him to stop if he needs to, and resting his fingertips in a loose frame around the strongest concentration of color.Grantaire takes a sharp breath, and he pulls his hand away, ready to apologize before he sees the five bright points of red standing out against the pastel smudges, brighter than he's ever left before. His fingers, when he looks, are stained bruise-purple, like he’s had his hand in a bowl of blueberries, and he holds them up for Grantaire to see, wordless. “They're very saturated,” he finally manages, but only after Grantaire has made a punched-out noise, taking Enjolras’s hand in his carefully, like he’s afraid he’ll leave another mark after the first one. There are couples who notice the saturation of their marks before they let go and make sure their mark is big enough to catch notice, but Enjolras is happy with his five little points of contact.To his surprise, Grantaire dips his head and raises Enjolras's hand to his lips, kissing his fingertips so gently it almost tickles. “Okay,” he finally says.“Is it?” Enjolras clears his throat, embarrassed at the waver in his voice. “You didn't seem to want to touch me, and I didn't know if it was because you didn't want any mark, let alone ...”“I wanted it to be this bright, and I was scared it wouldn't be.” Grantaire sounds hoarse, and he's still holding Enjolras's hand. “But the universe seems to live to prove me wrong.”“Can I—what do we do? May I kiss you?” It seems the thing to do.In answer, Grantaire kisses him, Enjolras's hand still caught in his. Enjolras wants to touch his marks, suddenly understands the friends and lovers who do it as an affectionate or possessive gesture, but he contents himself with wrapping his other arm around Grantaire, bringing him in closer. “I thought you were attracted to me,” Grantaire says, “but I didn't think—I didn't even consider we'd leave this kind of mark on each other.”“I did.” Grantaire’s hands are trembling now, and Enjolras moves to hold them properly, squeezing tight. “You’re always covered in so many colors, so I thought about it.” He smiles, unable to stop it bubbling up. “And you gave me art lessons and talked to me and … I don't stay at the Musain all day because I get work done here, I stay because of the company. And a large part of that is you.”“That's good to know.” Grantaire loosens his grip, and Enjolras let's him. He can't blame him for needing a little space to think. “I suppose we should talk about things.”“We could now, unless you don't want me distracting you while you work. I don't have anywhere else to be. I just have to text Combeferre at some point, he'll want to know.”“We'll see how my art lessons are doing.” Grantaire's shock is slowly growing into a wild grin.“Like you said, anyone can draw balloons.” Enjolras shrugs his jacket off and picks up a piece of chalk, letting Grantaire do the same and lead him over to the wall he was working on when Enjolras knocked. “And if I'm too awful, I can just hand you the correct color of chalk at the right time.”“It's a tough job, but someone's got to do it,” Grantaire agrees, and touches his own neck, grinding the chalk in a little deeper around Enjolras's mark.Enjolras looks down at his own, the chalk dust already settling in, a thin film over the deep color. “Tell me how to draw a hot air balloon, then, we'll see how I do.”Grantaire puts his hand over Enjolras's, shockingly casual with his touch now that the best has happened, and helps Enjolras move his hand in an even arc, about the right shape. “That's the start. Think you can do it from there?”Enjolras smiles at the wall and the marks of color from murals past, then at his hands again, the rainbow of colors he's acquired surprisingly quickly. “I think I can figure it out.”She handed the coffee to the customer in front of her when two men entered the coffee. The taller of them was wearing a long coat and had dark, curly hair. The other man was shorter and kept very upright. He seemed to have been in the military once. She watched them as they crossed the cafe and settled down at an empty table by the window.
"Do I get my change ?!" the customer bluffed after she had forgotten it because of the two mysterious men.
"Oh, yes, sorry, I was just thinking," she replied, handing him the change.
After he left, she turned to the coffee machines and started wiping them.
When she finished the first and looked up, she noticed that the smaller man was staring at her. He noticed that she had caught him and winked at her. Ashamed, she looked down and felt her cheeks turn red.
After a moment she dared to look up again and saw that the second of the two waved her over to order something.
She looked around for her colleague and found that she must have gone for lunch, so she had no choice but to take the order herself.

"Hi, my name is Emma, what can I bring you?" She asked the two when she arrived at the table and pulled her pad out of her belt.
The man with the dark curly hair answered immediately:
"A coffee, black and without sugar."
She scribbled the order on her pad and turned to the other man:

 "I would like a cup of tea." He cleared his throat and turned his head to the side. "And I wondered if you would go out with me. Here is my business card "

Perplexed she accepted the card and read the inscription. In a modern, clean script it was written:
"Dr. John H. Watson, General Practitioner ”.
The other man sighed and gave him a weary look.

"John let it be, obviously she's not interested in you."
"Pardon? What do you mean?"
"You have to start observing and not just watching! When she caught you staring, she looked away to the side. If she had been interested in you, she would have looked down. And when she came to take the order, she turned away from you. People are so easy to see through John, so do yourself a favor and learn to read body language! ”
John looked surprised and apparently was left without words for the encounter that had taken place between the three of them.
The other man seemed strangely familiar to her and she wondered where she had heard of him before.
"You have a pronounced deduction skill. But you shouldn't be too hard on your friend, considering that he is still recovering from his post-traumatic stress disorder. ”

At these words the two of them looked at her in amazement and then exchanged a conspiratorial look.
"How do you know? Did you hear about it on the news or are you another genius, like Sherlock? ”John asked curiously.

With that, she remembered where she'd heard of the taller man before. One of her friends had shown her a newspaper article about a murder that Sherlock had solved.
"Oh, you're Sherlock Holmes! You already seemed familiar to me, but I could not assign you because I have never seen a photo of you. But no, I haven't heard of you on the news, your PTSD is recognizable by your behavior. Your hand trembled when you entered the cafe. When you talked and distracted for a while, the tremors stopped. From that I conclude that large crowds make you nervous. So you may have witnessed a disaster in which a mass panic broke out. Also, I read from your straight, tight stance that you were in the military, so you probably got PTSD from the war. ”

Sherlock stared at her and turned his coffee mug between his hands.
"That's what I mean John. Don't look, observe! You have a knack for deductions, it seems to me. What's your name?"
He looked her up and down, obviously trying to make a deduction.
He looked into her eyes again but was left unsatisfied.
"My name is Emma, but I think I have to get back to work now. Have a nice day!"
she said and went back behind the counter.
John shook his head and watched her with a smile.
"How about that? That means competition for you and Mycroft. "
"We'll see, time to draw her out a bit, ”Sherlock replied.


He got up from the table and came up to her at the counter.
“I am fairly impressed with your deductions. Have you always had this gift? "
"Well, how do I put it, the conclusions just come to me. I can't help noticing these things. "
Sherlock took a step closer to her and whispered in her ear:
"You know, when I told John earlier that it was clear you were not interested. I just wanted to prevent him from pestering you. I've been secretly watching you all along. How about if we go out to eat together after your shift? ”


She turned to him, grabbed his collar, and pulled him closer to her.
"Oh really? What kind of restaurant do you suggest? ”She returned after deciding to take part in his game.
Sherlock, sure to have her on the line now, grabbed a strand of her hair and whispered:
"I know a romantic restaurant just down the street. What do you think?"
"Don't you think John would be disappointed with you if he knew you were meeting me behind his back?" I asked innocently, looking up at him.
"Oh John, he'll get over it again. He is already used to the fact that he is not so lucky with women. All of his past relationships didn't last longer than two months, ”he replied, stroking her cheek seductively.


Now confident of victory, Emma pushed his hand away and took a step back.

Sherlock gave her a cool glance.
"You seem to be smarter than I thought. Fair game."

He eyed her again and added:
“If you ever think about taking a different career path, please contact us. You certainly know where to find us. I could use a second assistant. "
He nodded at her, turned away, and went back to John.


Most of the subtle deviations from his usual behavior towards John might not be noticed, but they immediately caught Emma's eye.
When Sherlock listened to John, he looked at him and didn't distract himself with his cell phone as with other people. Overall, his friendliness seemed honest and not just as a means to squeeze more information out of his interlocutor.

She continued to watch the two of them until the two got up and put on their coats. When they got to the door, the two looked at her one last time. Sherlock winked at her and held the door open for John. John, on the other hand, gave her a resigned look, nodded one last time, and finally left the cafe with Sherlock.I don’t remember exactly when she first started coming to the shop. I don’t even remember when I noticed that she never orders  anything. She just comes in every day and sits at the counter with her laptop and types.I shoot a furtive glance at her, trying to distract myself from the otherwise empty shop. I’m surprised to catch her flick her eyes away from me, though, the pause in the clack of keys barely noticeable otherwise. I pretend to be completely engrossed in refilling the syrups, sure it was a coincidence.Still, I have an idea.I pull a cup from the stack and get started on a drink. I’m sure I’ll get in trouble for this later, but it’s just a cup of coffee. Jordan can eat my heart out.As I make the finishing touches on a rabbit in the foam, I turn back towards her to find a pair of inquisitive teal eyes on me. I lean on the counter in front of her and offer her the cup.“You’re in here everyday, I thought you might want some coffee to help you get through whatever you’re working on,” I say, suddenly aware of how creepy it is to just make a free drink for someone I’ve never talked to.She purses her lips, brows raised as if she just told a joke I don’t understand, and takes the mug. “Thanks,” she pauses, mimicking the old trope of peering at my nametag, though I get the feeling it’s an act. “Connor.”She doesn’t take a drink, simply setting the coffee carefully on the counter next to her computer and appraising it. She looks back up at me, actually smiling this time. “It’s cute. The rabbit, I mean.”And she goes back to writing, not touching the steaming mug beside her. I don’t press it, though I don’t have much choice. A large group comes bustling into the shop and I take their orders.Before I have another lull in service, I notice her pushing out the door behind them. As the door is closing, I catch her eye and offer a smile. She waves back, grinning with that same hint that she’s laughing at me.Instants later, I pass off the last of the group’s drinks and a hot sandwich. I grab a rag and move to wipe down the counter, but I notice the still-full mug where the girl sat.I frown, a little stung that she didn’t even try it. Still, I guess it is a drink that she never asked for. Sighing, I drop the rag and retrieve the cup. Lifting it, I find a folded sheet of paper with a short message scrawled on it.
Sorry I couldn't drink this. You have it!

It really is a cute rabbit.S
Under the note sits $10 even though the drink was only worth 3. I look to the door, grinning like an idiot. What a weird girl.Mei si sente incredibilmente mortificata quando vede la camicia bianca della ragazza che ha di fronte colorarsi di marrone, e non riesce neanche ad approfittare dell'occasione per apprezzare il fisico delicato dell'altra perché vorrebbe solo potersi nascondere sotto una roccia per evitare di sentirsi apostrofata come un'incapace o insultata per la sua distrazione dalla cliente o dal suo manager. L'ha già sentito troppe volte in una sola giornata, una giornata incredibilmente no, e questo ennesimo errore è la goccia che fa traboccare il vaso; gli occhi cominciano a pizzicarle e si sente davvero stupida per essere sul punto di piangere come una bambina nel bel mezzo del suo turno nel locale dove lavora come cameriera.
"Sono desolata," riesce soltanto a dire, con una voce strozzata che le fa fare una smorfia, ed è senza alzare lo sguardo, sentendo gli occhi di tutti i presenti su di sé senza aver bisogno di guardarsi intorno, che si china verso il pavimento per raccogliere il vassoio che ha lasciato cadere e i cocci più grossi della tazza che si è frantumata a terra; le arriva presto alle orecchie il suono familiare dei passi pesanti e veloci del suo manager, e sa già che è furioso, che le urlerà contro, e tiene la testa abbassata quando l'uomo la raggiunge, pronta ad essere ancora una volta la vittima della violenza verbale dell'altro. Se non fosse costretta a mantenersi da sola e potesse tornare indietro nel tempo costringerebbe la Mei dei mesi precedenti a licenziarsi il primo giorno, perché il modo in cui viene quotidianamente trattata la fa sentire peggio ogni giorno che passa.
Sobbalza quando la ragazza a cui ha rovesciato addosso il caffè si abbassa fino ad essere al suo livello, per aiutarla a raccogliere i frammenti della tazza senza dire una parola, le grida infuriate del suo capo che le arrivano ovattate alle orecchie per il gesto inaspettato della cliente.
"Non ti preoccupare, non è successo niente di grave. A casa almeno altre quattro camicie uguali a questa," mormora per confortarla, e Mei è ancora più mortificata nel riconoscere la sua voce, perché è Haru la ragazza davanti a sé, la stessa Haru di cui si è innamorata a prima vista tempo fa e che le ha dato senza saperlo il coraggio per confessare ai suoi genitori di avere sentimenti per un'altra donna, con l'esito disastroso di essere stata sbattuta fuori di casa, e il suo manager sta ancora urlando, e si sente talmente umiliata da non riuscire a guardarla in faccia, e da lasciare che alcune lacrime le scivolino sulle guance.
"... e sei licenziata!" registra, qualche attimo più tardi, e ingoia il groppo che ha in gola per non dare al suo manager la soddisfazione di vederla così a pezzi, perché lo odia odia odia e una parte di lei è felice di non dover avere più niente a che fare con lui; l'altra le sta gridando di chiedergli scusa, di supplicarlo per non essere licenziata, perché senza questo lavoro non potrà permettersi di pagare l'affitto e perderà il minuscolo monolocale in cui vive da mesi, da quando la sua famiglia l'ha completamente ripudiata. "Non voglio vedere mai più la tua faccia qui dentro, hai capito? Fuori!"
È il suo cuore a vincere la sua battaglia interna, alla fine, e non esita neanche per un attimo a strapparsi di dosso quella specie di grembiule che costituisce l'uniforme standard delle cameriere del locale, tornando ad alzarsi per fissare gli occhi dell'uomo con tutta la furia e il disgusto e l'astio nei suoi confronti che brillano nelle sue iridi azzurre.
"Sei un fottuto pezzo di merda," sputa, ignorando le espressioni stupite e oltraggiare dei presenti, prima di gettargli in faccia il grembiule e camminare verso l'uscita senza voltarsi indietro, cercando di non pensare alla ragazza ancora inginocchiata a terra che sta assistendo alla scena, e sbattendosi la porta alle spalle con tanta forza da farla tremare. Non prima di sentire la voce gelida e furiosa di Haru sibilare qualcosa che non riesce completamente ad afferrare al suo ex manager, ancora fermo in mezzo al locale, però, e potrebbe quasi ridere della situazione, del fatto che la persona più pacata ed educata che conosce e che ama con tutto il cuore stia ricoprendo di insulti incredibilmente coloriti l'uomo che odia con tutto il cuore, se non fosse impegnata a camminare in tutta fretta, quasi correre sul marciapiede per mettere più distanza possibile tra sé stessa e il locale.
Riesce in qualche modo a sentire la porta aprire e chiudersi ancora una volta, e il suo stomaco fa qualche capriola nel riconoscere ancora una volta la voce di Haru.
"Mei! Aspetta!" esclama, il suono ritmico e veloce dei suoi tacchi sul pavimento che le fa capire che sta correndo verso di lei, ed è senza rendersene conto che rallenta il passo per permetterle di raggiungerla. "Mi dispiace," dice non appena la affianca, ignorando le occhiate curiose rivolte alla sua camicia macchiata dai passanti, e Mei si volta all'istante verso di lei, confusa, e trattiene per un attimo il respiro nel vedere le sue guance rosse e la preoccupazione nei suoi occhi dorati, e il verso disperato che si lascia scappare la coglie di sorpresa; anche le braccia di Haru che la stringono subito contro di sé hanno lo stesso effetto, e solo quando la sente mormorare parole di conforto al suo orecchio si rende conto che sta piangendo, stringendo le dita sulla camicia dell'altra per non farla allontanare, come se fosse la sua ancora con il mare in tempesta, mentre Haru le passa le dita tra i capelli con affetto e dolcezza, le labbra posate sulla sua tempia in un bacio delicato e leggero.
"È stato patetico, vero?" chiede con una risata completamente priva di allegria, e le dita che ha tra i capelli si stringono un poco, senza farle male, ma non ci bada e schiaccia il volto contro la spalla dell'altra ragazza. "Forse hanno ragione. Forse sono davvero disgustosa e patetica, e non mi merito niente," aggiunge, e questa volta Haru tira le ciocche che stava accarezzando, con abbastanza forza da costringerla ad alzare il viso per costringerla a guardarla in faccia: le manca di nuovo il fiato nel vedere la sua espressione, adesso furiosa e bellissima, e deglutisce a vuoto quando incrocia i suoi occhi.
"Non sei disgustosa," sibila, posandole una mano sulla guancia senza ammorbidire lo sguardo, e Mei si lascia sfuggire un verso che non pensa di aver mai fatto prima, un misto di disperazione, paura, curiosità e speranza, qualcosa che in qualsiasi altra situazione l'avrebbe imbarazzata da morire, ma adesso cos'ha da perdere? "Non sei patetica," aggiunge, continuando a guardarla dritto negli occhi e tracciando con il pollice una delle scie che le sue lacrime si sono lasciate dietro, con delicatezza, come se fosse fragile come una bambola di porcellana, e probabilmente in questo momento lo è. "Non so chi ti abbia detto queste cose, ma sono soltanto stronzate; sei una persona bellissima, divertente, brillante e cocciuta come un mulo, e davvero forte se sei riuscita a lavorare in quel posto con quel coglione per così tanto tempo, mh? Conosco poche persone che ce l'avrebbero fatta senza cedere alla tentazione di massacrarlo di botte," continua, e Mei abbassa le palpebre ed esala una risata umida, senza vedere la curva dolce sulle labbra dell'altra prima che le senta posarsi sulla sua fronte, poi sulle sue guance, sulla punta del naso (e un'altra risata la coglie alla sprovvista, ma sente Haru ridere con lei, l'ha fatto di proposito) e infine sulla sua bocca, indugiando qualche attimo in più per essere sicura di aver letto nel modo giusto i suoi sentimenti, e Mei lo capisce e risponde al bacio per darle la sua conferma.
Ha gli occhi ancora chiusi quando Haru allontana il viso dal suo, e non dice nulla mentre le dita dell'altra tornano ad accarezzarle i capelli; rompe il silenzio solo qualche minuto più tardi, con un verso sconsolato, e riesce a vedere lo sguardo interrogativo dell'altra senza guardarla.
"Per quanto sia contenta di non dover tornare più in quell'inferno, ho bisogno di trovarmi un altro lavoro entro questa settimana o non riuscirò a pagare l'affitto di casa," spiega, senza capire perché senta solo un pizzico di imbarazzo nel dirlo, e Haru smette per un attimo di giocare con le sue ciocche, pensierosa.
"Mia sorella e il suo fidanzato stanno cercando qualcuno per aiutarli nel loro negozio," dice, e solo adesso Mei apre gli occhi per guardarla, trovandosi davanti il suo sorriso e vedendola scrollare le spalle. "Posso chiamarli per farti avere un colloquio, ma sono piuttosto disperati e ho dovuto aiutarli io per tutto questo mese, credo che ti prenderanno subito. E se dovessi avere comunque bisogno di un posto dove stare, ho una camera in più nel mio appartamento, il mio coinquilino se n'è andato da poco."
E Mei sta di nuovo piangendo, e di nuovo si sente davvero stupida, ma è piuttosto sicura di essere completamente giustificata: non si aspettava che una giornata cominciata in modo tanto disastroso potesse trasformarsi così, ma è davvero felice che sia successo.เวลา 23:00 น. คือเวลาที่ร้านกาแฟที่คิมโดยองเป็นเจ้าของปิดให้บริการ หลังจากตรวจสอบความเรียบร้อยในร้านเป็นรอบสุดท้าย ชายหนุ่มก็กดแม่กุญแจที่คล้องโซ่ล็อกประตูกระจกของร้าน เป็นอันเสร็จภารกิจของวัน เตรียมกลับบ้านไปนอนแล้วตื่นมาดูร้านตอนเช้า“คุณโดยอง!”…ซะเมื่อไหร่เสียงเรียกอันแสนคุ้นหูทำให้คิมโดยองต้องหันไปมอง เมื่อพบว่าเจ้าของเสียงที่เรียกชื่อเขาคือร่างสูงโดดเด่นที่มีรอยยิ้มประดับใบหน้าสวย เขาก็แอบกลอกตา“ถ้าจะมาหามาร์คล่ะก็ กลับไปตั้งแต่ห้าโมงแล้ว”“ผมไม่ได้มาหาเด็กคนนั้นสักหน่อย” อีกฝ่ายแย้งทันทีที่เขาพูดดัก “ผมมาหาคุณโดยองนั่นแหละ”“ดึกดื่นป่านนี้ยังไม่กลับบ้านนอนอีกหรือไง” เขาบ่น เก็บกุญแจร้านใส่กระเป๋าหันมาเผชิญหน้ากับอีกฝ่ายเต็ม ๆ “ผมง่วงแล้ว จะกลับบ้าน”“งั้นเดี๋ยวผมไปส่ง”“ผมกลับเองได้ คุณกลับไปเถอะ”“เอาน่า” ไม่เพียงแค่คำพูดเท่านั้น แต่คิมจองอูยังเดินมาคว้ากระเป๋าเขาไปถือหน้าตาเฉย “ถ้ากลับช้าคุณตกรถไฟแน่เลย รีบไปเถอะ”ไม่รอให้เขาตอบรับ จองอูเดินนำลิ่ว ๆ ออกมา ปล่อยให้โดยองยืนอ้าปากค้างอยู่ชั่วขณะ ก่อนจะรีบร้อนวิ่งตามไป  

ไหนบอกให้รีบกลับเร็วเพราะกลัวตกรถไฟ


แล้วทำไม...
คิมโดยองกอดอกจ้องเจ้าของใบหน้าหวานที่ตอนนี้นั่งมองหน้าเขาที่ฝั่งตรงข้ามของโต๊ะเหมือนไม่รับรู้ถึงกระแสความไม่พอใจที่ถ่ายทอดไป คิมจองอูยังคงยิ้มกว้างขณะเท้าคางสบตาเขา“มีอะไรอยากพูดกับผมเหรอครับ คุณโดยอง”“ผมจะกลับบ้าน”“เดี๋ยวผมไปส่งไงครับ”“แต่ผมอยากกลับตอนนี้”“ขอผมกินอะไรสักหน่อยเถอะน่า ผมไม่มีเพื่อนกินด้วย นั่งเป็นเพื่อนหน่อยนะครับ”พูดพร้อมกับใช้หน้าสวย ๆ นั่นออดอ้อน... โดยองคิ้วกระตุก โมโหก็จริง แต่ก็เกิดใจอ่อนขึ้นมาเสียอย่างนั้น
เกลียดหน้าสวย ๆ นี่จริง ๆ ให้ตาย
“รีบกินรีบกลับ พรุ่งนี้ผมต้องเปิดร้านแต่เช้า”“ได้เลย ไม่เกินครึ่งชั่วโมงแน่นอน”โดยองถอนหายใจ เขายกมือเรียกพนักงานขอเมนูอาหารบ้าง ร้านอาหารที่เปิดถึงช่วงดึกแบบนี้มีแต่อาหารหนัก ๆ แต่โดยองก็สั่งแค่ซุปร้อน ๆ ถ้วยเดียวเมื่ออาหารมาเสิร์ฟ พวกเขาต่างคนต่างกินกันเงียบ ๆ ไม่มีใครเริ่มบทสนทนาขึ้นมาก่อนจนโดยองชักหงุดหงิดอีกรอบ เป็นคนลากเขามาแท้ ๆ แต่ให้นั่งเงียบเป็นใบ้แบบนี้เนี่ยนะ ไร้มารยาทจริง“ทำไมวันนี้กลับดึก” เขาเลยเริ่มบทสนทนาเองเสียเลยคิมจองอูชะงักมือที่กำลังคีบเนื้อหมู ก่อนจะยิ้มน้อย ๆ แล้วตอบ“ทำงานนู่นนี่ หันมองนาฬิกาอีกทีก็ดึกแล้ว คนอื่นกลับกันหมดแล้ว เลยแวะมาหาพี่”สรรพนามที่นาน ๆ จะหลุดเรียกมาทีทำให้โดยองเสไปมองถ้วยซุป“แล้วลูคัสล่ะ”“กลับไปตั้งนานแล้ว ก่อนกลับเห็นมันบอกจะแวะร้านพี่อีกรอบ ไม่เห็นเหรอ”โดยองตาโต ขมวดคิ้วฉับ อย่าบอกนะว่าหมอนั่นกลับไปพร้อมกับมาร์ค“…พรุ่งนี้จะฟอกมาร์คให้ขาวเลย”“อย่าไปเข้มงวดกับน้องมันนักเลยน่า พี่” จองอูหัวเราะ “ตัวพี่เองด้วย อย่าเข้มงวดกับตัวเองมากล่ะ ดูแลตัวเองหน่อย”คนฟังไม่ตอบ แต่ยกซุปขึ้นซดอีกครั้งเป็นคำสุดท้าย   กว่าจะได้ออกจากร้าน นาฬิกาก็บอกเวลาเที่ยงคืนกว่าพอดีโดยองถอนหายใจ อากาศตอนกลางคืนเย็นลงอย่างรวดเร็วจนเขาต้องห่อตัว ลูบแขนของตนไปมาหวังให้อบอุ่นขึ้น จองอูที่เดินตามออกมาจากร้านเห็นแล้วก็เลิกคิ้ว“เดี๋ยวผมขับรถไปส่งพี่ที่บ้านก็ได้”“ยังไง” โดยองหันมาถาม “นั่งแท็กซี่ไปก็จบแล้ว”“แต่นั่งรถผมสบายกว่า จอดไว้แถวนี้แหละ”โดยองหมดอารมณ์เถียง เขาเดินตามจองอูมาที่รถยนต์ซึ่งจอดไว้ไม่ห่างจากแถวร้านอาหารนัก ละแวกที่ทำงานของจองอูกับร้านกาแฟของโดยองอยู่ใกล้กัน รวมถึงร้านอาหารโต้รุ่งนี้ด้วย ดังนั้นรถจึงจอดอยู่ในบริเวณเดียวกันโดยองเปิดประตูเข้าไปนั่งรอด้านในทันที่จองอูปลดล็อกรถ เจ้าของรถตามเข้ามานั่ง แต่ยังไม่สตาร์ทเครื่องคนอายุมากกว่าหันไปมอง “อะไรอีก”“ผมรู้ว่าพี่รู้ว่าผมมาหาทำไม”ถ้ามาหาตอนร้านเปิดก็คือมาสั่งกาแฟ แต่ตอนนี้ร้านปิดไปเป็นชาติแล้ว โดยองไม่คิดว่าการที่จองอูมาโผล่หน้าร้านเขาตอนห้าทุ่มเป็นเรื่องบังเอิญด้วย เพียงแต่ไม่อยากพูดถึง“ไม่พูดเรื่องนี้แล้วนะ” โดยองหันหน้าเข้าหาประตู“พี่โดยอง” จองอูโอดครวญ แต่เห็นท่าทางไม่รับรู้สิ่งใดของคนข้าง ๆ ก็ทำได้แค่ถอนหายใจ แล้วสตาร์ทรถ ขับออกจากตรงนั้นตลอดทางไม่มีบทสนทนาใด และคราวนี้อึดอัดยิ่งกว่าในร้านอาหารเสียอีก โดยองง่วงแต่ก็หงุดหงิดเกินกว่าจะหลับตา เขาได้แต่ภาวนาให้ถึงบ้านสักทีจะได้ออกจากตรงนี้ ไม่น่าหลวมตัวตามเด็กนี่มาถึงตรงนี้เลย“…พี่จะไม่เลิกโกรธผมจริง ๆ เหรอ” คิมจองอูพูดเสียงเบา แต่รถที่เงียบสนิทและอยู่กันแค่สองคนตอนที่หน้าปัดดิจิทัลบอกเวลา 00:37 ไม่มีทางที่โดยองจะไม่ได้ยิน“ไม่โกรธแล้ว แต่ก็ไม่อยากพูดเรื่องนี้แล้ว”“ทำไมพี่ใจแข็งแบบนี้น้า...” จองอูถอนหายใจ “ผมง้อพี่มาสามเดือนแล้วนะ ใจอ่อนสักทีเถอะครับ”โดยองยังคงทอดสายตามองนอกรถ ไฟถนนวูบวาบตามความเร็วของรถที่เคลื่อนผ่าน จู่ ๆ เขาก็นึกถึงตอนที่ตัวเองปาผ้าเช็ดโต๊ะใส่จองอูตอนร้านปิดเมื่อสามเดือนก่อนขึ้นมา
…ตอนนั้นเราทะเลาะกันเรื่องอะไรนะ
“อยู่แบบนี้ก็สบายใจดี” เขาพึมพำขึ้นมา “ไม่ต้องคอยระแวงอะไร ไม่มีเรื่องให้หงุดหงิด นายทำงานของนายไป ฉันก็ทำงานของฉัน เราจำเป็นจะต้องกลับมาหากันด้วยหรือไง”รถหักหลบเข้าข้างทางทันทีที่สิ้นประโยค โชคดีที่โดยองคาดเข็มขัดนิรภัยไว้จึงไม่ต้องเอาหน้าไปซบคอนโซลรถเล่นให้เจ็บ เขาหันไปมองคนขับบ้าเลือดข้างตัวด้วยความไม่พอใจ“เป็นบ้าหรือไง”“พี่นั่นแหละ เป็นบ้าหรือไง”เสียงของจองอูเรียบนิ่งผิดวิสัย อีกฝ่ายหันมามองหน้าเขาพร้อมกับโน้มตัวเข้ามาใกล้“ตลกเหรอ ตลอดสามเดือนที่ผ่านมาผมพยายามแทบตายให้เรากลับไปเป็นเหมือนเดิม แต่พี่พูดเหมือนว่าสามเดือนนี้พี่มีความสุขดีโดยที่ไม่ต้องมีผมก็ได้ ทั้งที่พี่ก็ยังรักผมอยู่น่ะเหรอ พี่เป็นบ้าหรือไง”“ฉัน…”โดยองนึกอยากเถียงกลับไป แต่กลับไม่มีคำใดหลุดรอดออกมาจองอูขยับหน้าเข้ามากใกล้เขา ใกล้จนเห็นขนตายาวเรียงเส้น และใบหน้าเนียนราวกับกระเบื้องเคลือบ ปลายจมูกได้รูปส่งลมผายใจอุ่นร้อนกระทบผิว แต่ก็เพียงเท่านั้น อีกฝ่ายค่อย ๆ ถอยห่างออกไปอีกรอบ“ถ้าพี่โอเค ผมก็คงพอ” พูดพลางขยับเกียร์แล้วเหยียบคันเร่งขับต่อไป “ถือซะว่าสามเดือนที่ผ่านมาไม่มีอะไรเกิดขึ้นแล้วกัน”รถยนต์แล่นไปตามถนน ความเงียบสงบกลับเข้ามาอีกครั้ง แต่คราวนี้โดยองไม่มีความหงุดหงิดอยู่ในใจอีกแล้วคงเหลือแต่ความเสียใจที่ทำให้เขาไม่กล้าสบตาคนข้าง ๆ  รถยนต์ค่อย ๆ จอดนิ่งที่หน้าคอนโดสูงแห่งหนึ่งในย่านที่พักอาศัย จองอูกดปุ่มปลดล็อกรถ รอคอยให้คนข้าง ๆ เปิดประตูออกไปแต่ผ่านไปเป็นนาที ก็ยังคงมีแต่ความเงียบเขาหันไปมอง โดยองนั่งนิ่ง นัยน์ตาไหววูบ“…ร้องไห้เหรอ”
ผมทำพี่ร้องไห้อีกแล้วเหรอ
ทว่าโดยองกลับส่ายหน้า ผ่อนลมหายใจแล้วหันมาสบตาเขา“ขอบคุณนะ จองอู”มือขาวกำลังจะเปิดประตูรถ แต่จองอูกลับคว้าแขนข้างหนึ่งของเขาไว้ก่อน โดยองหันมามองอย่างสงสัย แต่ภาพที่เห็นมีเพียงใบหน้าของคิมจองอูที่ขยับเข้ามาใกล้อย่างรวดเร็ว สัมผัสของมืออีกข้างอยู่บนหลังคอของเขา รั้งให้ใบหน้าของเขาได้มุมพอที่จะกดริมฝีปากลงมาได้พอดีจูบของเราครั้งล่าสุด...คือราวสามเดือนก่อน ก่อนที่เราจะทะเลาะกันจนเป็นแบบตอนนี้คิมจองอูกดริมฝีปากลงมาย้ำ ๆ ราวกับจะขอโทษผ่านสัมผัสเหล่านั้น กลีบปากอิ่มเลื่อนจากบนริมฝีปากของคนอายุมากกว่าเป็นบนผิวแก้วขาวที่มีเส้นสายเล็ก ๆ ของหยดน้ำตาเพิ่งไหลผ่าน“ผมทำพี่ร้องไห้อีกแล้ว” เขาพูดตอนผละริมฝีปากออก “ขอโทษนะ”จองอูค่อย ๆ กลับไปนั่งที่ของตัวเอง ปล่อยให้คิมโดยองเปิดประตูก้าวลงจากรถไปเขาเหลือบสายตามองอีกครั้ง ก่อนจะพูดเสียงเบา“ไว้เจอกันนะครับ คุณโดยอง”  FINLos días de lluvia eran los peores.La gente llegaba primero en grandes cantidades, creando un movimiento constante en el pequeño café en el que Kotoha trabajaba.Era imposible tomarse un verdadero momento de descanso gracias a las constantes órdenes por bebidas calientes, el tener que secar repetidas veces tanto la entrada, para impedir que el agua escurriendo de las sombrillas dejadas en esta crease un charco, como el rastro de agua dejado por los abrigos y chaquetas empapados, para así evitar un accidente, y los clientes que entraban cada cierto tiempo y que causaban que tuviese que estar pendiente de la puerta, para darles la bienvenida y llevarlos a una mesa disponible o invitarlos a la pequeña y usualmente vacía barra, si es que ya no había más lugar.Era una rutina agotadora y aunque si la lluvia continuaba cayendo sin cesar era posible disfrutar de un respiro, gracias a que los pocos que continuaban en la calle necesitaban ir a algún lado y los que no ya estaban en lugares como ese café mientras aguardaban a que escampase, la quietud acompañada por ocasionales ordenes por otra bebida era casi tan mala.Contrario a lo que se podía esperar de la capital, habían sido pocas las veces en que Kotoha había logrado ver algo interesante y parecía que hoy, uno de esos días lluviosos que tan poco le gustaban, no sería la excepción.Kotoha contuvo un suspiro y en lugar de ello sonrió mientras retiraba un par de platos una de las mesas.Quizás debería aprovechar ahora y tomarse unos minutos, mientras alguna de sus compañeras cubría las mesas de las que normalmente Kotoha se encargaba.Con algo de suerte el momento de calma duraría un poco más y podría responder un par de consultas más desde su celular, con lo cual podría terminar de preparar su columna de consejos de la semana...Un gesto de parte de una chica sentada en una de sus mesas hizo que Kotoha se pusiese en movimiento, todavía sin quitarse la idea de su mente.Casi mecánicamente se encargó de anotar el nuevo pedido, esta vez de una porción de torta, y eso se habría quedado así si no hubiese notado algo: esa chica estaba completamente seca.Kotoha no recordaba exactamente cuándo había entrado, pero ni siquiera las puntas de sus dos coletas parecían haber sufrido por la torrencial lluvia que continuaba cayendo y a diferencia de muchos otros, no estaba tiritando de frío y frente a ella quedaba medio vaso de té helado.Mirándola de reojo mientras esperaba que su jefe sirviese el pastel, Kotoha pudo notar que también estaba revisando su teléfono móvil y fijando su vista en la calle y la entrada ocasionalmente, como si estuviese esperando a alguien.Tal vez porque ya llevaba varios meses encargándose de la columna amorosa de una pequeña revista local, Kotoha podía imaginar que esa era una de las situaciones que impulsaban a muchas chicas a escribirle, pidiéndole que le recomendase qué hacer con su desinteresado e incumplido novio.Pero dudaba que la chica de la mesa hiciera tal cosa y eso fue lo que capturó la atención de Kotoha.Aun cuando posiblemente había estado allí desde antes de que comenzase a llover no se veía nerviosa ni triste, mas sí molesta y aunque el hecho de que había esperado por más tiempo del necesario la hacía parecer indecisa, sospechaba que sólo necesitaba un último impulso para tomar una decisión, sin siquiera llorar con su almohada ni buscar consejo, eso último quizás por terquedad.Ese pensamiento hizo que Kotoha tuviese que reprimir una risa. Ya se estaba imaginando tanto que quizás podría comenzar a escribir una novela de romance.—Una torta de chocolate lista —anunció su jefe, dejando el plato en la barra.—Con helado —añadió Kotoha en un impulso. Aunque seguramente la mitad de sus suposiciones eran falsas, aquella chica realmente parecía necesitar algo para mejorar su ánimo y alguna pequeña sorpresa podía hacerlo. Y si no era así, al menos podía agradecerle de esa manera por la bienvenida entretención que le había brindado sin saberlo.—Dijiste... —comenzó la mujer mayor con un suspiro, regresando para quedar frente a Kotoha.—No me equivoqué de orden —pronunció de inmediato, sonriendo—. Por favor.Era una suerte que la mujer, dueña del café, la conociese desde hacia varios años y estuviese dispuesta a hacerle uno que otro favor sin siquiera preguntarle de qué se trataba.—No esperes que otro amigo tuyo pueda comer algo sin pagar —replicó, alzando una ceja al mismo tiempo que tomaba el plato y pronto lo regresó, incluyendo una bola de helado de vainilla en este.Agradeciéndole, Kotoha se dirigió una vez más a la mesa, observando con interés como la chica cerró su móvil una vez notó que Kotoha se estaba acercando.Siguiendo el protocolo, Kotoha dejó el plato frente a esta cuidadosamente, anunciando lo que había llevado, cosa que hizo que la chica frunciese un poco el ceño.—Yo no pedí... —comenzó.—Cortesía de la casa —dijo Kotoha alegremente, interrumpiéndola, y en un impulso le hizo un guiño y se inclinó un poco para decirle en voz baja—. Si te hace esperar tanto, no vale la pena.El rostro de la chica se tornó rojo de inmediato y pareció quedarse sin habla.Diciendo un par de palabras más antes de alejarse de la mesa, Kotoha sonrió para sí misma. Aquella chica no sólo era inusualmente interesante, sino también adorable.Tomoka había tenido docenas de malas experiencias.Algunas habían sido por su propia culpa, simples consecuencias de alguna mala decisión y otras habían sido traídas por una serie de desagradables coincidencias.¿Pero eso?Que Horio no hubiese aparecido a su cita, no hubiese llamado, no hubiese mandado un mensaje, no hubiese hecho nada era malo, en un sentido molesto y común y que le reafirmaba lo que ya sabía. Cosa que, además, una desconocida le había corroborado, lo cual era el verdadero problema.Pero era peor: se lo había confirmado una desconocida preciosa, que conseguía que la siguiesen con la mirada con sacudir su larga cabellera, que movía sus caderas al caminar justo lo suficiente para que más de uno se quedase viendo la falda del uniforme que usaban todas las meseras del café, donde seguramente trabajaba por el gusto de la atención y las propinas que esta le traía.Eso era lo que realmente era una mala experiencia en todo sentido, una humillación que no había conseguido olvidar y por eso, una semana después se encontró regresando al café.Quizás lo mejor era hacer justo lo contrario, mas el recuerdo de no haber podido pronunciar palabra alguna era más fuerte y si no podía fingir que no le había molestado que su situación fuese tan obvia y que las palabras de esa mesera no le habían importado, la otra opción era simple: enfrentarla.El cómo hacerlo era la cuestión, pero estaba segura de que esta vez encontraría la forma en cuanto la tuviese frente a sí.Para su mala suerte, Tomoka no pudo seguir manteniendo esa confianza una vez estuvo en la entrada y justo las persona que buscaba la recibió con una gran sonrisa y unas palabras diferentes a las usuales que daban de bienvenida en esos lugares.—Ah, la chica linda de la semana pasada.Tal como la vez anterior, Tomoka sintió cómo el calor se apoderaba de sus mejillas, esta vez sin saber si se debía a que aquella mesera la recordaba o al adjetivo que quizás había usado como burla y no como cumplido.Decidida a no quedarse sin palabras una vez más y repetir la mala experiencia, Tomoka puso sus brazos en jarras.—Horio es un idiota —dijo en voz alta, sintiéndose más aliviada de lo que se había sentido cuando se lo había gritado al idiota-de-eternos-dos-años-de-experiencia—. Y no necesito que nadie me lo diga —finalizó, entrecerrando sus ojos.—Lo supuse —rió la mesera, aparentemente ignorando por completo la mala mirada que Tomoka le estaba dedicando—. No parecías necesitar uno de mis consejos.—Exacto —pronunció Tomoka, asintiendo con su cabeza.Era más agradable de lo que quería aceptar que la otra entendiese, al punto que sólo eso bastó para que la molestia que la había llevado allí desapareciese.—¡Kotoha-chan!La voz de una mujer mayor, que Tomoka asumió que era la supervisora o incluso dueña del café al verla tras la caja registradora, interrumpió el comienzo de conversación e hizo que la mesera —Kotoha, se recordó Tomoka— señalase las mesas en un simple gesto con una de sus manos.—Te llevaré a tu mesa —dijo Kotoha con una sonrisa calmada, como si no le acabasen de llamar la atención, y Tomoka la siguió de igual forma, como si ella no hubiese sido parte de la razón de ello.Ahora que ya había hecho lo que se había propuesto y que se sentía mejor, Tomoka no tenía una verdadera razón para estar ahí, mas en lugar de tomar algo e irse, terminó haciendo pequeños pedidos y hablando entre ellos con Kotoha.Tal vez realmente necesitaba desahogarse y el no poder hacerlo, puesto que Sakuno estaba de viaje y Tomoka no conocía a muchas otras que realmente la escuchasen, había sido parte de la razón por la que se había tomado tan mal las palabras que Kotoha le había dicho sin siquiera saber lo que pasaba.Pero ahora que Kotoha estaba escuchándola con más atención de la que parecía poner al tomar un pedido, lo sucedido ya no importaba tanto.Aquella chica extrañamente interesante se llamaba Tomoka.Kotoha lo descubrió en la segunda visita que ésta hizo al café, cuando para su sorpresa Tomoka fue a buscarla, en lugar de ir a esperar nuevamente a alguien que seguramente no llegaría.Eso era inesperado, pero no tanto como Tomoka misma lo era.Escuchándola, Kotoha no tardó en notar que al menos parte de sus impresiones iniciales habían sido ciertas.Lo que había imaginado al verla aguardando en un día de lluvia era muy cercano a la realidad y además, aquella chica realmente no era como las muchas que buscaban consejos en su columna; sin embargo, no era por terquedad como había pensado.Tomoka simplemente se daba cuenta de las cosas y decidía por sí misma, pero contrario a lo que parecía al quejarse —y a la impresión que podía dar su molestia mientras esperaba—, era inusualmente paciente y daba más oportunidades de las que algunos merecían.Descubrir todo esto debería haber bastado para saciar su curiosidad e incluso su interés, mas que la conversación entre idas y venidas se alejase de la reciente decepción amorosa de Tomoka y pasase a otros temas, que sólo hicieron más evidente la constante transparencia de la chica —además de causar que Kotoha descubriese que seguía disfrutando cómo las emociones siempre eran tan visibles en su rostro—, produjo justo lo contrario.—Deberíamos encontrarnos en otra parte —dijo Kotoha, luego de pensarlo un poco, al tiempo que fue por la loza ahora vacía—, con tantas interrupciones es difícil hablar.—Es cierto.La expresión de Tomoka se tornó reflexiva, como si realmente estuviese considerando la propuesta.Esa era una buena señal y Kotoha decidió aprovecharla de inmediato, mencionando su día libre esa semana y un par de lugares que tenía en mente visitar, cosa que bastó para concretar la cita.Originalmente, Tomoka no había planeado hablar tanto con Kotoha, mucho menos verla de nuevo luego de ir a enfrentarle y quitarse su molestia.Pero ahí estaba, en una sala de cine a la que habían entrado luego de que Tomoka se hartara de lo que estaba comenzando a llamar "el fenómeno Kotoha".No era que Kotoha en sí le molestara, puesto que la mesera era mucho mejor compañía de lo que Tomoka podría haber pensado viéndola, mas el efecto que parecía causar a su alrededor era otra historia.Tomoka ya había perdido la cuenta de las veces en que algunos se habían acercado para invitar a Kotoha a pasar la tarde con ellos, siempre añadiendo a lo último "y tu amiga también puede venir"; las miradas que atraía eran incluso más y Tomoka se atrevía a apostar que el que se había sentado frente a ellas y se había girado para preguntar si las tapaba con su cabeza, lo había hecho con el único propósito de intentar iniciar una conversación.Con Kotoha. Quien incluso en una sala oscura conseguía llamar la atención y que parecía actuar como si eso fuese lo más normal del mundo.El que al menos el filme resultase mejor de lo que esperase mejoró su ánimo, pero en cuanto salieron de la sala su bueno humor se esfumó rápidamente, en cuanto notó cómo nuevamente más de uno pareció poner su atención en Kotoha, incluso mientras andaba sin hacer nada especial.—¿Y ahora adónde vamos? —preguntó Kotoha una vez dejó los comentarios de la película, a los cuales Tomoka no añadió nada, más concentrada en mantener alejados con su mirada —al menos por ahora— a los que parecían tener intenciones de acercarse.—Me voy —afirmó Tomoka, resoplando—. Si quieres ir a divertirte, estoy segura de que encontrarás a alguien más.Su afirmación pareció sorprender a Kotoha casi tanto como a ella, pues lo había dicho sin pensar, mas en lugar de esperar una respuesta o pensar en sus propias palabras, Tomoka continuó su camino.Ya había tenido suficiente, estaba cansada del "fenómeno Kotoha" y casi comenzaba a arrepentirse de no haberse quedado con las interrumpidas conversaciones en el café, aun cuando allí también eran muchos los que llamaban a Kotoha, pero al menos allí ella sólo les respondía porque debía hacerlo por su trabajo...—No te preocupes —rió Kotoha, corriendo a alcanzarla, tomándola de un brazo y obligándola a detenerse—. Estoy más interesada en ti.Tomoka parpadeó, mirándola con incredulidad, y luego de unos segundos, que usó para procesar lo que Kotoha acababa de decir, sintió cómo su rostro se llenaba de color y las palabras la abandonaban por completo. De nuevo, tal como había ocurrido la primera vez que Kotoha le habló.—Vamos, vamos —insistió Kotoha sin soltarla y Tomoka no intentó zafarse, reanudando su andar de reflejo cuando Kotoha la haló suavemente y olvidando sus deseos de irse, aunque no estaba segura del porqué.Pero no pensaba quedarse con la duda y quizás podría entenderlo luego. Y si seguir pasando más tiempo con Kotoha la llevaría a eso, suponía que, tal vez, incluso podía llegar a valer la pena.
Thomas had visited almost every coffee shop in the surrounding area. When he had first moved to the city it had been an obvious decision to give the nearest coffee shop a chance. That hadn’t lasted long. Only two days later and a map of every establishment within forty minutes of travel hanging on his wall. Each time a shop would refuse to serve his order it got furiously blacklisted on his map. The spreading circle of black scribbles tempted Thomas to just make his own coffee, but there was something about the power struggle that kept him in the game. A large black coffee with seven shots of espresso, a shot of cinnamon flavor, and three energy packs was a completely valid request, and Thomas deserved to be served it when he went stumbling into town far too early. 

This week he was exploring that border of still a relatively reasonable distance to travel for coffee and definitely out of his way shops. Today’s establishment was a hole in the wall place called A Fighting Chance. He had only been able to find traces of it online because of some YouTube videos of a musician who apparently played there sometimes. Standing outside the front, Thomas could understand why it wasn’t too well known. The shop front was entirely brick with only a small window on the door that was occupied mostly with an “open” sign. The name of the place was painted on the wall instead of hanging on a sign. Between the faded paint and the surrounding graffiti it was difficult to tell that the painting was a purposeful decision to “help” people want to go inside. Overall, it looked more like a place where you were likely to get stabbed for asking one question too many than a cafe to sit down for a nice cup of joe. Didn’t change the fact that Thomas was running lower and lower on options in the city. With a sigh and a glance at his watch, he pushed the door open. 

Well, he hadn’t been entirely wrong. The tall man behind the counter looked like he was ready to murder Thomas as he analyzed him from behind the counter. As far as he could tell, the rest of the room was completely empty. Other than the glaring man waiting for him to step up to the counter, though, the shop did look pretty nice. The brick was left exposed but the different hanging lights lit the area warmly. There were drawings of the city dotting the walls and chairs of all different styles and designs littering the open space next to tables that matched just as little. It seemed cozy despite the lack of coordination and the initial skepticism. 

With his order memorized already, Thomas spared barely a glance at the small collection of pastries and muffins in a glass container as he stepped up the counter. The man in front of him didn’t seem like the kind to care for pleasantries, so he just rattled off his order with all the confidence of a man who knew exactly what he wanted. 

“7.15,” the barista said in a voice that was much softer and calmer than his apprehended would suggest. Thomas paid in whole, of course. Only once he was able to find a secure location to acquire his life blood could he start haggling for the price. And things were going smoothly so far. He didn’t want to hope soon or give the barista any reason to deny him his fully reasonable request, though. 

The man gave him his change from his tenner and spun around to start the drink. Seeing as there was no one he would be holding up behind him, he folded his arms on the counter and leaned forward to make sure the, still shady, man was making the drink correctly. It was a happy surprise when the man completed the drink without a single change of expression on his face. He handed Thomas the drink with a short “Careful, it’s hot.” 

Thomas gave him a touch of his hat in thanks and turned around. He could swear that he could still feel the man’s eyes boring into his back all the way until the door slammed shut behind him. 
 
As it turned out, A Fighting Chance quickly grew to become his favorite coffee establishment. Thomas could give the man behind the counter literally whatever insane order he felt like he needed to properly interact with the world and never have to explain his actions. He didn’t even have to face that slight widening of the eyes of the he used to get from even the most customer friendly establishments. 

Of course today he had been called in to work before anything other than the busses were still living. As such, he stumbled into A Fighting Chance at half past two in the afternoon with a pounding headache and dying for anything to wake him up. 

For once, there were people other than him in the shop. A few people littered the tables, the display case of pastries was almost empty, and he actually had to stand in line before rattling his order off the usual barista. The man turned to make the drink, and the calmness of the shop was interrupted by a stern voice. 

“Excuse me,” the voice interrupted, “did I hear that oder correctly? Seven shots of espresso with three energy packets?” The barista hummed in confirmation without interrupting his movements. A straight backed woman with black hair cut into a bob and piercing eyes rounded the corner from the back room of the cafe. She was wiping her hands on a rag that was then tossed on the counter. With one hand on her hip and the other supporting her weight on the counter, she leaned towards Thomas. “You must a new customer. We have a strict four shot limit and only one energy packet when combined with espresso. For health reasons.”

“Well, Ma’am,” Thomas tucked one hand into his pocket, “I’m afraid that I’ve already paid, and it looks like me drink is done.”

His barista stood at the register again with the capped cup in his hand. Thomas let a smirk spread across his face as he reached out for the concoction. A hand snatched it from the barista’s grip before his hand reached the destination. 

The woman had a serine smile stretched across her lips, her eyes remaining steel. Without a waver, she turned the cup upside down over the nearby sink. The steaming coffee streamed out for an entire silent thirty seconds. She dropped the cup into the trash bin beneath the counter and spoke with the same calm yet stern tone. “We have a very strict policy when it comes to the combination of energy packets and espresso shots. Please allow us to make you a new drink.” She tilted her head to the barista. “Benji, one black coffee with four expresso shots and one energy packet, please.” The man, Benji apparently, turned as normal to start making the drink. 

Thomas felt his teeth grinding in the back of his mouth, but refused to be the first to let the smile slip. “I’m afraid that is not my oder, Ma’am.” 

“As I said, we have a very strict company policy.”

“Hmm, refusing a customer’s order doesn’t seem like very good service, especially for a customer who has already paid.” Thomas raised one eyebrow with a slight tilt to his head. He leaned his embowls on the counter for good measure. 

Without missing a beat the woman replied, “We’ll throw in a complimentary fruit cup for your inconvenience.” Her eyes roamed Thoma’s body and face in a way that would have made him shiver if he wasn’t already solidly focused on this game. “Sir.”

She turned to where Benji had returned to his position. The coffee was taken from his hand and passed to Thomas without her gaze ever leaving his. 

“Have a wonderful day, and that you for visiting A Fighting Chance.” In the time it took him to blink and secure his grip on the cup, she had given Benji a clap on the shoulder and disappeared back behind the racks of supplies. He adjusted his grip and left the store. This was a game he refused to lose. 
“There's a girl who works at StarbucksWho is very inspirationalShe is very inspirational because of many things...”The words are coming so fast that she knows she has to be scribbling, hurrying to finish the writing before Suzy has a chance to catch her. She knows that this is ridiculous, but it’s so true...“So today at 8:11I decided I should meet herI decided I should meet herIn a proper formal waySo today at 8:11When she smiled and said: "How are you?"I said: "Fine, and my name’s Darcey, "And she softly answered: "Hey."And I said "My name’s DarceyAnd thank you for the extra foam..."And she said her name was SuzyWhich provides the inspiration for this poem:...”She smiles to herself, looking up at the woman and starts the scribbling again, her smile soft. She knows she needs to hurry, but she can’t help it. She feels every word she writes, she’s shy, but she needs to be honest...“Suzy, the latte girlBring me java, bring me joy!Suzy, the latte girlI love her, I love her, I love herSo I’d like to get my nerve upTo recite my poem musicalShe would like the fact it’s musicalBecause she plays piano...”She’s grinning now, almost humming the music to herself already making plans for what she will do when she comes clean. She wants, she needs Suzy.“So today at 8:11Suzy told me she was playingIn a band down in the villageIn the basement of a barAnd she smoothly flipped the leverTo prepare my double-latteBut for me she made it triple!(And she didn’t think I knew)But I saw her flip the leverAnd for me she made it tripleAnd I knew that triple-latte meantThat Suzy loved me, too!...”She is writing faster now, words flowing as she works, her smile getting clearer, although she does blush when she looks up to see Suzy looking at her. “I used to be the kind of girlWho’d run when love rushed toward her'Til finally a voice whispered: "Love can be yoursIf you step up to the counter and order, "Suzy, the latte girlBring me java, bring me joy!Suzy, the latte girl...”The song is done and she smiles, giving herself a second to arrange her clothing before finishing her drink, letting Suzy come to gather her cup, hiding her writing before moving to the open piano, the coffee bar encourages people to play. It might be a Starbucks, but they are in the west-end. She begins to play, then she begins to sing, aware only of what she is feeling, letting the words speak for her. She knows she could never normally say what she’s thinking, but she knows that this is why she needs to perform.Suzy moves to join her, speechless but smiling. It’s the first time anyone has sung to her like this. “How long have you felt like that?”“Since the moment we met...”“You danced that day...”Darcey can’t help but smile. She knew Suzy was watching her.“Yes... I did...”“You are... completely wonderful.”This is a murder mystery I wrote that is fan fiction themed. There are 14 characters plus the person running the party. It is set in a coffee shop, so like a coffee shop AU. The first murder is a non player character, so everyone gets to be involved in that and the subsequent clues. If a player character gets murdered, they can come back as a patron. They won't get additional clues, but they can contribute to speculation as they don't have any insider information on who did it. The murderer knows they are the murderer and I let them know their victims and motivation so they could defend themselves better during the game. Player characters are told at the beginning the murderer could be working with their partner(s), but they will not be working with anyone else. The person running the party is not the murderer. To end the game, I told everyone when the last clue had been given. When they had a guess as to who did it and the majority agreed, the cops would arrive and take the presented evidence and the 'guilty' person. If the group was right they would be convicted and the majority won. If they were wrong the 'guilty' party would be taken in for questioning and later be released, and the murderer would win. Here are the characters and the cards I printed and gave to the players. This is the invite I sent to my players: 
You are invited to this year’s murder mystery on October 12th at 7pm. The setting is Coffee Shop AU. Everyone has been assigned a character trope, which is enclosed. You don’t need to bring anything but yourself. There will be coffee, tea, and pastries (including vegan options). Feel free to dress up and make up a name/gender for your character if you want. 

When everyone gets there and grabs something from the coffee shop, we will begin. 

I am going to be the manager of the coffee shop. I am not a player. I’ll be telling the story and giving instructions. The first murder victim won’t be a player. As players die, they can come back as background patrons and follow the rest of the mystery, but won’t have clues. They won’t know who killed them, so they can still offer thoughts on who the murderer could be. 

I’m looking forward to this murder, and we’ll see you there! 
  
   

 Characters and Descriptions of Players 
-Barista and Baker  (2) -Poly triad that are roommates. (3)- Tattoo artist and Florist (2)- Doctor and their accident prone partner (they met in the ER) (2) +Firefighter they are dating.(1)- Mob boss and their (good and kind)(not mob) lawyer (2) - A history professor and their rival professor’s TA (2)  
You are the Barista 
They are in college and working at this coffee shop part time. They flirt with the baker and make up stories with them about the various patrons’ love lives. They enjoy seeing other relationships develop and the free pasties the Baker gives them. (They are friends with the Tattoo Artist) 
You are the Baker 
They started working in this coffee shop 2 years ago. They eventually want to own their own bakery, but for now this is good. They like the barista and the two of them spend their down time flirting and speculating about the various patrons’ love lives. Later in the day when they are done baking, they spend their time bringing people their orders and chatting with regulars and the barista. (They are friends with the Florist)  
You are the Tattoo Artist  
When the Florist opened a shop across the street, the Tattoo Artist thought some flowers would look nice in their own shop. They started getting fresh flowers every week for the shop and more for their house as an excuse to talk to the Florist. The Florist finally asked them out on a date after a couple months. Now they are engaged. (They used to date the musician. It was a mutual breakup)(They are friends with the Barista) 
You are the Florist 
When they opened their shop, this heavily tattooed biker-looking person came in and bought a bunch of wildflowers and very obviously flirted. They proceeded to be a giant dork and came in every day to “look around”. The two of them would talk for a while and the Tattoo artist would leave with something random. They eventually started dating and now they are engaged. (They are friends with the Baker)  
You are the Professor 
They are a young professor of history at the local University. They were asked to look over the work of a rival Professor’s TA, and they fell in love. They are dating semi-secretly as to not upset the TA’s professor when the TA only has a year left of grad school.(You know who the first murder victim is. Their name is Arthur Clark)  
You are the TA
They needed another set of eyes to review their paper on weird popes. They asked the young new professor in the department, even though their boss hates them. They spent a lot of time talking to the professor, and after the Professor was finished reviewing their paper, they asked the TA out on a date. They have been dating for the past few months. (They are friends with Roommate 3 (the Artist)) 
You are the (medical) Doctor
They work in the ER and the same person kept coming in for various cuts and head injuries. After checking no make sure they weren’t in any trouble and that they were just a clumsy idiot, the Doctor promised them a nice date if they could go a month without hurting themselves. They did and proceeded to fall into a lake on their date. The Doctor fell in love, and now they are married. The two of them are dating The Firefighter.(You regularly treat the Mob Boss and their employees)   
You are the Accident Prone Idiot
They pride themselves on being a handyman around the house, but are constantly injuring themselves with power tools and falling off ladders. The upside was they kept getting treated by a really hot doctor. After a challenge from the doctor to not get hurt again, they started dating, even after a disaster of a first date. Now they are married. The two of them are dating The Firefighter. (Went to college and was friends with Roommate 1. Roommate 1 was tired of being their personal nurse and they drifted apart)  
You are the Firefighter 
They responded to two kitchen fires in a week at the same house. That was how they met Doctor and Accident Prone Idiot. They gave them their phone number to call if there are any more problems. They started having dinner together and hanging out, and now they are dating. (They used to date the Lawyer, but the Lawyer got into some shady stuff, so they broke up)  
You are the Mob Boss  
They run the local mob Slash. They run the city’s underground in a strict, but fair way. After noticing a lawyer snooping around one of their apartment properties they confront them. The Lawyer was trying to help some tenants with a landlord who was overcharging them and not fixing anything. The mob boss liked how kind and snarky they were, and fixed the problem -they are both chaotic good. They started dating and now live together. (Knows Doctor; has been treated by them) (They use Roommate 3 as an art dealer/appraiser) 
You are the Lawyer
After meeting the local Mob boss when trying to help some disenfranchised tenants, they were pleasantly surprised when the Mob boss fixed the situation. They were even more surprised when they started helping on other cases, no favors asked. They started dating and for the most part ignore the occasional illegal nonsense as long as there is a net good effect- they are both chaotic good. (They used to date the Firefighter, but broke up when they got involved with the mob)  
You are Roommate 1 (Nurse)
They answered an online add for a needed roommate and met two creative and fun friends. They started liking both of them in a romantic way, but didn’t do anything about it because they were obviously both in love with each other. After half a year, during a power outage facilitated living room camping night, the three of them got together. (Went to college and was friends with Accident Prone Idiot.. They were tired of being their personal nurse and they drifted apart)  
You are Roommate 2 (Musician) 
They were childhood friends with Roommate 3 and they decided to move in together after college. They needed another roommate for rent and met Roommate 1 through an online ad. They both had a crush on Roommate 1 on top of pining for each other. During a power outage induced living room camping night, the three of them got together. (Used to date the Tattoo Artist. It was a mutual breakup)
 You are Roommate 3 (Artist/ Gallery curator)They were childhood friends with Roommate 2 and they decided to move in together after college. They needed another roommate for rent and met Roommate 1 through an online ad. They both had a crush on Roommate 1 on top of pining for each other. During a power outage induced living room camping night, the three of them got together. (They have worked with Mob Boss to insure/appraise paintings for money storage. Roommates don’t know.) (They are friends with the TA)You're sitting in the window of your favourite coffee shop when you receive the text message. It's not like you weren't expecting this, but seeing the words written in front of you still makes tears spring to your eyes. Embarrassingly, you're sure you won't be able to slip out of the cafe without a whole queue of people seeing you're about to cry, so you quickly dart out the back door instead, thinking it must lead to a bathroom where you can recover for a couple of minutes.The door in fact leads to a small cobblestone alleyway out the back of the cafe, with lots of hanging plants and a line of trash containers for recycling. It isn't until the door closes behind you that you realise it doesn't open again from the outside, and you've also accidentally left your drink back at your table.Leaning back against the wall, you're feeling like this really isn't your day. A few tears slip from your eyes and you wipe them on the palms of your hands, only for more tears to leak down your face all over again. You clumsily dry them on your sleeve. You're only just thinking this is bad enough without anyone knowing you're here... when one of the baristas carefully opens the door, frowning with an anxious sort of surprise when he notices you.He shifts his gaze to his feet when he realises you're crying, then seems to look even more worried, realising he's wearing his combination of rolled-up jeans, thick socks and house slippers, which you're also staring at. He's also wearing a stiff apron that looks slightly too big for him, knotted tightly around his waist.The barista takes a small breath, his lips parting as if to say something to you. He then thinks better of it, and immediately closes the door instead. You're left staring at the door alone.You sigh, wondering if you're ever going to be able to come back to this cafe again, now that you've humiliated not only yourself but the waitstaff too. This poor person's blush was so bright that it looked like two rosy apples at his cheeks. You wish you could've told him you're sorry.You stare at the rubbish bins for awhile, until you feel like you can possibly make it back to college without bursting into tears again. You turn to walk down the alley when you hear a nervous, guarded sort of voice behind you calling you to wait. You look back and it's the barista. He's balancing a takeaway cup and a paper bag in his hands, holding the door open with his foot.The barista holds the drink and paper bag out to you, his arm thrust out as far as he can, as if inviting you to relieve him of these items as quickly as possible. Is he wary you're going to... talk to him?You hesitate, you're feeling so sad that you don't feel you deserve anything like that. But then, it was kind of him to try and make a coffee for you. He was probably supposed to be on his break when he saw you.You want to say thank you, but his cheeks are heating self-consciously all over again, and he's already holding up his opposite hand as if to ward off any such sentiments. But you have to say something... at least something to cheer him a little, you're not sure if he's having the best day either."I like your jumper," you mumble as you accept the coffee. Which is true. It looks heavy and baggy, like something that might have once been expensive, but is now well-worn. It's also the only part of his outfit that he hasn't eyed in mild horror."Are... are you cold?" the barista asks, startled."What? No, no!" you blurt. Oh my god, hopefully he doesn't think... it is freezing out here, but you would never ask for something like that! Ever!"No- you can have it-" the barista stumbles over his words as he reaches a hand to his shoulders, tugging the jumper over his hair. He has to wrestle the bottom of it free from his apron, which messily untucks his shirt beneath as well. "-here. And drink your coffee. Ugh, stop your hollering, Sage!"From inside the coffee shop, you can hear one of the other baristas yelling at the top of his lungs, and you guiltily remember the long line of customers just before you left."Clearly, he believes the incantation for good service is bellowing 'Felix' about a hundred times," the barista says scathingly, rolling his eyes. His droll expression returns to a more floundering one as he swallows. "er... me."Felix frowns, swiping a mark of flour from his cheek. He looks even more embarrassed than you currently feel."...put that on. You'll catch your death," he mutters one last time, nodding awkwardly to the jumper he's foisted into your free arm, then quickly turning inside before you have a chance to speak. You can hear him yelling back at Sage with quite the air of bluster even once the door is closed, and you're left at a bit of a loss as to how this all happened. You didn't mean to... but it was such a sweet gesture... you'll definitely be attaching a sorry-and-thank-you note when you return his cardigan to him.You drink the coffee, then peek inside the paper bag Felix gave you. It's one of the cookies they sell at the cafe counter, which looks like a robed figure holding a scythe, but has a cute, silly face squeezed on with icing. It makes you smile somehow.Felix's jumper feels warm and slightly scratchy over your arms as you walk slowly back to college.-Phichit loved two things—sitting and laughing with friends, and drinking top quality coffee—maybe both together. Erasyl snorted, shaking his head as his brown Les Pablo was hanging behind his back with a black strap. It was a day out, and Phichit had finished his test in College Algebra.“I’m gonna see if I can make that can…” Phichit told, wiggling his empty cup of what used to be a mocha latte. Erasyl averted his head away, letting his friend throw it to the can. It flew, but the cup only hit the rim, landing on the ground beside it. “Oh crap…” Phichit swore, sighing. Erasyl shrugged, making a strange sound, “You make quick swing, I give you that.” The younger man pouted, stomping to where the cup was, but before he could pick it up, a hand stopped him. “Hey, baby…” a leering voice called out, a man with a small ponytail. Phichit silently panicked, teeth appearing. “You sure you want to be bending down like that?” the guy asked. The guy chuckled, taking note of how Phichit was bent down. “U-Um,” Phichit was pretty sure that he saw this guy in one of his classes, sitting right behind him. “I don’t like you touching—“The guy twists Phichit’s wrist, gaining a painful cry from it. Erasyl can’t take it. “I can show you a better place to bend—“ the head of Erasyl’s Les Pablo crashed against the dumbass’ face, sending him to the ground. The dumbass fell on his back, with the guitar head sitting over his heart like a dagger. “I no like you touching my friend, motherfucker.” Erasyl sneered at him, his head tilted at the guy’s face. The dumbass’s eyes were staring right up at Erasyl’s, where he can see the heat in his eyes. “If you can’t say anything to help him out, then keep mouth shut!” he ground the head into his chest, but the guy wasn’t about to go down. “I’m not scared about the likes of—“ a cloud of dust was kicked at his face by Phichit. Both boys ran from him, Erasyl holding onto his guitar. Phichit smiled at him, high fiving him. Erasyl just did what he could. They laughed, the latter brushing a hand through his cornrows. That was a rush, and Erasyl loved it!週六午後，熙來攘往的廣場上，有成群的友人興奮地討論剛剛看完的電影，也有熱戀中的情侶手牽手濃情蜜意，還有老夫老妻愜意漫步享受午後陽光，但真正抓住杉浦綾乃目光的，是廣場中央一位留著金色長髮的女孩。並不是因為陽光灑上她的飄逸金髮使她特別耀眼，也不是因為她的燦爛笑容格外炫目，綾乃告訴自己，目光離不開她，純粹只是對她手上拿的牌子感興趣而已... FREE HUGS.  大大的兩個字，手寫在白色牌子上，金髮女孩將牌子高舉在胸前，對著來來往往的路人展露笑顏。看著每個上前與她擁抱的路人，臉上也都帶著笑容離開，綾乃不禁想像，她的擁抱... 或許也和她的笑容一樣溫暖吧...不過自己本來就不擅長與人肢體接觸，要她走過去，和素昧平生的陌生人擁抱什麼的... 綾乃搖了搖頭，趕緊打消這個念頭，繼續在自己打工的咖啡攤上忙碌。接連來了幾組客人讓綾乃應接不暇，這也是為什麼她沒有注意到金髮女孩已經準備收工，也沒發現她揹著包包走向攤子，更沒發現她就是下一位點餐的客人。無預警和水藍眼睛目光相交的瞬間、近距離見到金髮女孩對自己微笑的瞬間、彷彿世界停止運轉的瞬間、綾乃第一次親身體會「小鹿亂撞」含義的瞬間...暗暗罵著自己的失態，綾乃故作鎮定的幫女孩點餐，心中只希望，她沒有注意到自己臉頰上退不去的潮紅。如果今天晚上綾乃夢到自己沐浴在溫暖的陽光下，她會說，這和今天遇到的金髮女孩一點關係也沒有... 週日上午，綾乃一樣到班顧攤子，出乎她意料的是，今天金髮女孩也同樣拿著牌子、笑容可掬的出現在廣場。不過，是錯覺嗎？為什麼總感覺... 頻頻看見她的目光投向這裡...？內心不禁慌亂了起來。怎麼回事，難道是昨天的咖啡不夠甜？是不是不合她口味？會不會是昨天太緊張，倒錯了什麼東西？綾乃的焦慮一直到女孩中場休息又過來買咖啡時，才得以緩解。當金髮女孩收起牌子走向咖啡攤時，綾乃趕緊轉移視線，全神貫注地擦著櫃檯上一顆只有自己看得到的汙點。直到她站在面前，綾乃才敢抬起視線... 女孩點了和昨天一樣的咖啡，她的笑容也和昨天一樣燦爛。是否代表，她不討厭昨天的咖啡呢... 把咖啡遞給她時，聽到她充滿元氣的一聲謝謝，綾乃覺得，若是心可以融化，或許就是這種感覺吧...  這天下午，因為只有半天班，綾乃與接班的同事交代以後，便準備下班了。但在離開之前，她決定鼓起勇氣，以實際行動支持金髮女孩的活動！話說得很滿，可內心依舊是內向怕生的綾乃，明明換下了制服，卻仍在攤子旁躊躇不前。數度想著乾脆就放棄好了。在經過了幾番內心掙扎後，綾乃終於做好放手一搏的心理準備，邁開步伐，來到金髮女孩的身旁。女孩轉過頭，看見綾乃，又露出了她的招牌笑容，綾乃緊張的踏出一小步，女孩馬上張開雙臂，讓綾乃走進她的懷抱。短暫的擁抱後，兩人齊聲說了謝謝，金髮女孩又對綾乃露出了燦爛的微笑。綾乃離開時，臉上帶著紅暈，心裡想著，她的擁抱... 果然很溫暖呢...  === 週日晚上，歲納京子與朋友聚會，興奮的和大家報告自己最近在進行的 free hugs 活動，起因是有感於最近社會亂象頻傳，她希望能透過自己的小小力量，提供溫暖的擁抱給需要的人。赤色頭髮女生聽後，讚嘆般的說道，「哇～好棒的活動唷～」粉色蓬鬆頭髮的友人則不禁冷眼吐槽，「京子純粹就是想吃女生豆腐吧。」京子噘著嘴說，「千夏醬怎麼可以用這麼庸俗的眼光來看待我們這種崇高的志業呢～」「不，這活動本身是很崇高，但京子做的話就不禁令人懷疑...」「我這麼正經的人，才不會做那種變態的事呢～」身旁的黑色短髮女生出聲說道，「明明剛剛還在說咖啡攤店員終於來抱妳，身上很香什麼的...」「啊、果然，好變態。」千夏睥睨著說道。誇張的倒吸一口氣，京子說，「那是因為結衣妳們沒有看到那個店員臉紅紅的樣子有多可愛啊！」撐著頭，京子微笑著說，「我本來以為她不會來玩的，結果她剛剛下班的時候竟然來了，嘻嘻，身上好香喔～」千夏皺著眉，「變態...」「可是我又沒有吃人家豆腐～」期盼的眼光落到赤色頭髮友人身上，京子問，「燈里也覺得我很變態嗎？」燈里面有難色，「嗯............」「真是的，怎麼沒有人要相信我嘛～～」友人們看著京子，不禁紛紛笑了起來。ever since he walked through the door of the coffee shop you worked at, you felt like you’d been wrapped around his finger. you didn’t even know him, but you felt like you had to. or rather, you really wanted to. apparently you weren’t the only one who felt that way. everyone’s attention went to him. as if he had just done something impossible, like he was special. he was, though. not just anyone can snatch everyone’s hearts in the blink of an eye, yet he managed to do just that. he was so intriguing. everything to him was different than what it seemed. he looked serious yet he seemed like the type to goof around and laugh at anything. his eyes were sharp and intense, but somehow had a soft feeling to them. he was so cute, but fairly hot as well. he was so tall. your height was average, but compared to him you seemed small. his voice was like honey, so soothing and deep. if you hadn’t been at work, you’d probably fall asleep listening to him speak.noticing you had dazed off, he waved his hand in front of your face. “ah, sorry, what was your order again?” you blurted out in a state of embarrassment. your cheeks were flushed and he chuckled. even his laugh was cute. “a venti latte macchiato, please”he got out his wallet as you asked for his name. “xukun,” is it possible for someone to be perfect in every single way? he has a nice name too. why does he have to be just my type, you thought as you tried your best not to stare at him. he must have noticed, because the corner of his mouth tugged up into a smirk. he kept quiet though and took a seat in the corner of the shop, waiting for his coffee. you’d never been so distracted while making a simple cup of coffee before. you constantly had to remind yourself what his order was. when you finally said his name and he got up to fetch his drink, you couldn’t help yourself from glancing at him. his hair was a greyish blue and had been slicked back. his black jacket seemed too big for him, making him look smaller, cuter. you’d only seen him for about 5 minutes and you were already whipped. but he looked even better when the sun had set and stars were showing on the night sky. the lights of the small coffee shop illuminated his beautiful features perfectly as he sipped on his warm drink. you could see the satisfaction on his face as his lips curled up into a smile. before you realized it, his face turned towards you and his gaze met yours. instantly looking away, you heard a faint chuckle. looking back at him once again, he smiled at you. could this get any worse? not only did you get caught red handed, he was even smiling at you. he was definitely messing with you and it was definitely making your heart jump out of your chest. at least you thought he was just messing with you, until he was back at the register. “can i help you?” you try to sound as polite as possible without letting him know how flustered you actually were. “rather, i think i might be able to help you,” his words surprised and confused you, your head slightly tilting to the side. “excuse me?” what the hell was he talking about?“i figured that maybe you’d like to have my number, seeing as you’ve been staring at me ever since i walked through the door,” his words were followed by a giggle, meanwhile all you could feel was blood rushing to your cheeks and your heart beating way too fast. you didn’t even have time to react when he slipped a small piece of paper onto the desk, winking at you before walking out of the little shop, coffee in the hand you wanted to hold so badly.you were often busy, but maybe you could make time for a boyfriend after all.“I wished it was raining," he said.-When you woke up it was raining, and honestly, you were so excited you could hardly keep all of your emotions contained.You had been waiting for a rainy day for so long that you couldn’t even remember the last rainy day you had been able to enjoy. Most of the time when it was raining all that you could do was work or go to school and you never got the time to just sit there and enjoy it, but not today.Today it was Sunday. Today you got to enjoy your rainy day exactly where you wanted to.You were quick to kick of your socks off, almost falling over as you tried to get your legs out of your pajama pants and into the outfit that you had been wanting to wear pretty much all week. Your most comfortable pair of pants, a baggy shirt, and a bag with everything that you would need for a perfect day.You hesitated as you slipped on a pair of sandals, standing at the door wondering if you should just stay inside of the apartment... It had been a while since you had gone out and since you didn’t really have anyone to hang out with it might be a little lonely to go out all on your own.But on the flip side you had been really wanting to go to a café on a rainy day. It felt like the perfect college experience, and since you didn’t have any homework today, or work to worry about then it was the perfect opportunity for you to wander out and forget your cares for a day.You nodded once to yourself and then purposefully left the apartment.A new small coffee shop had opened up recently not far from your apartment, and you had been absolutely dying to try it. It was one of those cozy spots, buried away in the nook of an always hustling city, with oak wood walls, and large shiny windows.Inside you could almost always see people in large soft hoodies typing away at their computers as they sipped from a large coffee mug with a substance inside that you knew just had to be delicious.Everyone at work had been there already. All of them going on about how good the coffee was and how nice the employees were at it had gotten you to the point in which you had started to get frustrated that you hadn’t been yet. Even all of the customers who came in everyday seemed to have something to say about the place.So, this was your absolute dream opportunity to go there and try the place out.You practically ran down the streets, not minding the cold water droplets on your warm skin as you raced through the puddled sidewalks, only letting yourself skid to a stop once you had made it to the door of the place.You pushed into the coffee shop and a small bell rang. The action seeming to startle whoever was working because immediately afterwards you heard a small crash, a soft: ow, and watched as a mop of black hair popped up from behind the counter.“Hi there welcome to-” The boy interrupted himself by banging his head on the front counter as he dipped into a bow. You felt your mouth cover your hand in surprise, and you stepped towards him, your free hand outstretched as you bowed as well.“Oh my- Are... Are you okay?” You asked him softly. He laughed, giving you a pained expression as he turned his body back upwards.“Uh, I’m used to it at this point,” he murmured back. He gave you a smile. “But enough about me, what can I get you on this rainy day?”The person being the counter was very friendly, and despite the fact that he had to still be in a bit of pain while he was taking your order he didn’t let it show as he brewed you one of the prettiest caramel lattes that you had gotten in a while.You took a seat near the counter at one of the tables by the windows, and pulled out your book, glancing out the window at the puddles that were gathering on the sidewalk.“What are you doing?” You looked up in surprise when you realized that the barista was looking at you with a curious expression on his face. You smiled sideways at him and pulled the book you had packed for the day out of your bag.“Reading,” you replied. “Just thought I would take advantage of the beautiful day.”The boy- you glanced down at his name tag noting that his name was Donghyuk- laughed at your words, pressing his hands carefully on the counter in front of him.“You think that a rainy day is a day to take advantage of?” He asked you. Most of the time when people accused you of liking a rainy day, you could note that it was somewhat judgmental. As if you should be ashamed that you preferred dark clouds and rain splattered streets. But Donghyuk didn’t sound like he was judging you. On the contrary, he just seemed generally curious by what you had to say.“Of course. The cool breeze, the heavy atmosphere. The sounds of the rain as it splatters against the window,” you trailed off looking outside as you spoke. At the moment the rainfall was pretty soft. Only pitters against the glass panes telling you that there was in fact a rain pour at all. But you hoped that soon it would start pouring again like it had earlier. “I can’t explain it but when the rain starts falling in that thunderous roar, and all you can hear is it as it pounds against the building, you’re in... I don’t know, I just always feel so calm.”When you turned back, you were a little surprised to find that Donghyuk was staring at you with careful eyes. He seemed embarrassed to have been caught and turned his face to look out the window, his cheeks flushing with color.“I understand what you mean,” Donghyuk commented softly. “The rain can be... Healing.”“You like it too?” You asked, honestly a little surprised. He nodded.“Late night walks in the rain are the prettiest,” he replied. “Sometimes me and my friend Jinwoo will go out together when it isn’t raining too hard.”You smiled softly.“I wish you could star gaze on a rainy night,” you admitted. “It would make the night perfect. Just walking outside with someone, hand in hand, looking up at the sky.”Donhyuk laughed at your words, dragging you out of your head for a moment and back to the starry-eyed boy in front of you. While you felt like you should be embarrassed for your clearly ridiculous statement, the minute that you looked at Donghyuk, the shame left your body.It wasn’t often that you meant someone that seemed like they were genuinely interested in what you had to say. Especially not a boy and especially not a boy as cute as Donghyuk.But the way that Donghyuk was gazing at you, his eyes wide, his lips slightly parted in a smile. You were suddenly struck with an odd feeling that you weren’t really used to. Like... He actually wanted to be talking to you.You couldn’t help yourself. You leaned forward on your hand, your book sliding down flat on the counter for the first time since you had arrived there.“How has your shift been so far?” You asked him. Setting aside the rainy conversation for the moment. He shrugged.“Slow,” was what he decided on after a short moment of thought. “A few of my friends visited earlier. They’re pretty much the only people I’ve seen so far.”“Besides me,” you said, bordering on giddy. The statement made Donghyuk smile.“Besides you,” he agreed. “Does that mean you’re planning on keeping me company?”You looked down at the book on the counter and placed your hand over top of it. Donghyuk watched you, an air of curiosity surrounding him as you the slid the book towards you on the table, and down into your lap, stowing it away in your bag.You looked back up at him and smiled.“I guess it does,” you agreed softly.You didn’t often click with people very quickly. It was easy for you to get bored of a conversation and to return to the activities that you were meaning to get done before everything had happened in the first place. Unluckily for you, that usually meant that even when you did click with people (which again, was rare) your conversations usually fell flat. People just assumed that you weren’t very interested in them or the conversation.But Donghyuk, didn’t seem to be one of those people.“What book are you reading anyways?” He asked you. As he spoke, he walked around the counter, setting a rag to the side as he approached you. He smiled at you softly, seeming to find solace in the surprise on your face at his approaching body.You looked down at your hands.“Oh, uhm.” You looked back up and smiled. “It’s called the Drifting House. It’s a number of short stories about people who feel out of place. Not really sunshine and lollipops but I thought this would be a good time to check it out.”You gestured to the window, and Donghyuk laughed, taking a seat at the table as well.“I suppose the stormy stories have to be explored at some point,” he murmured softly. “But I don’t ever look at sad stories. I prefer the ones with happy endings.”You laughed at the concept, the idea of a happy ending was so silly, something that so many people sought for but was so difficult to achieve anyways. Everyone around you these days seemed to be a pessimist. You never met a single person these days that looked onto the world in as positive a manner as you.And you always did look on it in a positive manner. Even when you were down, you knew that realistically, the sun would rise eventually.“Don’t laugh at me,” Donghyuk mumbled, his cheeks turning a shade of crimson as he sat there in front of you. “I just like it when the two main love interests get together in the end. Or the main character finally accomplishes their lifelong goal. Or they find their missing dog.”Donghyuk sighed and looked out into the rain.“I mean imagine a story about two lovers. They meet one day in the rain and spent the most magical time together. The story just illustrates them as they bond in the rain, enjoying one another’s company, but when the rain stops, they don’t see one another again.”You leaned forward on the table, your elbow digging into the smooth wood in fascination at Donghyuk’s words. You knew that he had more to tell, and you wondering exactly what it would be.“Until the next time it rains. Again, and again the story is the same. They meet when it’s raining, they have a magical time, and then when the rain stops once again, they are alone. One day, one of them, the boy, proposes, but even the rain can’t hide the girl’s tears and hesitation.She cries out, wondering what they did to deserve this, why they can’t be together all the time. How he could ever love her, when he can’t even see her every day of the year. And just like that he gets down on his knees in the puddles in the ground takes her by the hand-”He interrupts his flow to take your hand in his, startling you up just so. His eyes are so wide and genuine.“No matter what the circumstance, when I see you my heart feels happy. I look forward when dark clouds flood the sky because I know that it means I will see you. What’s the point in spending the rest of my life wishing I could see you every day when I could just take advantage of the you that I get to see when I do. I want to cherish every moment of my life that I get to spend with you, even if I never get to see you in the sunshine. Because I love you.”You felt like your heart was stuck in your throat. You couldn’t breath. Your mind was racing. You knew that Donghyuk wasn’t talking to you of course, but still your heart pounded, your face turning the reddest that you supposed it ever had to have been in your life.“And then the rain stopped, and he was there, and so was she and for once in their lives the sun shone on them, and their hands held firmly unto one another, and he could see the tears streaming down her face as she began to nod her head...”He hesitated, and instantly you knew why. You placed your other hand over his, a smile creeping across your face.“I love you too. Never let me go.”“And he never did. And the sunshine never parted the two lovers ever again.”His fingers slipped from yours, leaving your hands ice cold in the air, but you didn’t say so. Instead you just smiled warmly.“You just came up with that? Right here? On the spot?” You asked him in awe. He shrugged offhandedly.“It was nothing,” he assured. “I’m just a bit of a dreamer I guess.”You scoffed.“If that was nothing then you just put a whole group of hard-working people out of work,” you mumbled. “Are you a writer on the side?”“No,” he seemed to consider the response. “Maybe I should be at some point.”You scoffed.“Definitely should at some point.”You shifted your attention back out the window, and sighed.“You know, it’s been a long time since I have met someone like this,” you murmured. “How often do people make connections off their phones nowadays? I have nothing against dating apps but... This is kind of exhilarating.”Donghyuk smiled and followed your gaze.“You know what, I can’t help but agree,” he stated. “Uh, I know I shouldn’t, but I can’t help but ask... Do you want to maybe go on a date with me sometime?”You were so caught offguard by the question that you whipped your head towards him, your eyebrows raising up quickly.“Date with me?” You blurted. His face was still red and he turned his attention away from you.“Yeah! I mean, if I didn’t overstep any boundaries,” he responded shyly. You gasped out softly.“Of course not! I would love to go on a date with you,” you assured. He turned his attention back to you, smiling.“Will you stay then? For the rest of my shift?”You reached across the table, allowing your fingers to brush his.“Does it seem like I’m leaving?”-"I don't need the rain," I said. "I need you.”― Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe  
There was little to be said about how his kind was treated in a city like Central. That is to say, there’s a 

lot 

to be said, but none of it was really kind, or what you would say in polite company. After the experimentation files got out and the experiments along with it, well there was one of two ways people looked at you. Distastefully, or lustfully.
 
That’s why, the moment they were free on their own, Al and his big brother hadn’t even bothered trying to 

get

 a job, no, instead they 

made

 a job. Or at least Edward had, for Al’s sake. He didn’t say how he got the money for the building, nothing Al could do would get him to say a word, but Al wasn’t a fool and Edward was a self sacrificing idiot.
 
Plus, he was always being told how pretty he was…
 
But that was in the past, now his brother could genuinely throw someone out of the front door with no complaints! They’d had their little two story building for a couple of years now, where they did their work below at ground level and their living a floor above! A lot had gone into it, more than it would have taken for anyone….

not 

on the ‘chimera spectrum’.  That’s to say, they weren’t fully a chimera, they couldn’t shift from human to something else, they weren’t a mashup of a bunch of different critters. It meant they had...traits. Al wasn’t really bothered with the traits they had gotten, but he was also very clearly biased on this front. 
 
Al wasn’t too bothered by that fact if he were honest, he’d 

always 

loved cats, now he just shared a little bit of DNA with them! Ears and tails! Enhanced senses and teeth and claws. (That he kept nicely filed down, thank you very much.) Both he and his brother had the features, so at least the experiments didn’t take their...siblingness away… But! They were both...cat...chimera while not being completely 

chimera.








His brother knew everything there was to know about him. He knew he loved cats, knew he was a little afraid of being away from him now, he knew he’d always wanted to run a cafe. And somehow, somehow his wonderful big brother had combined it all. He had genuinely made all of Al’s dreams come true. 
 
Now they had a decently successful business. A true cat cafe! The only one like it in Central! One of the few successfully run businesses run by anyone from the Chimera Experiments. To this day they had only gotten one extra employee though, another experiment from the Drachman secret base.
 
Al thought it was nifty that he was a wolf! People didn’t tend to want to 

work 

with them, they just always wanted something. Luckily they were getting away with providing coffee, treats and stray cats! 
 
Edward was the resident barista, his coffee was next level even though he preferred tea. His attention to detail was unmatched even with metal limbs, delicacy was somehow his middle name! Al himself was usually the People Person, while Nikko, their wolfy chimera comrade was in the back, baking away. He made people nervous even though he was much more approachable and had a good handle on his emotions than Edward.
 
But his brother was pretty, and that...sadly sold. People liked to try and tame the golden kitten. 
 
Al and Nikko liked to make bets when a sleazeball came in. 
 
Today it was looking like another one of those days, it was busy and the strays (they were good strays!) wandering around gave a good sign whether or not a person was going to be a problem or not. They had avoided pretty much every single customer so far. 
 
Al was leaning in to Nikko’s side (he was absolutely not purring at all! Who said that?) and watching as his brother’s movements got more and more clipped and his smile more and more strained. Realistically there was nothing he could do. He could step in but then the customer would turn that energy onto him, and that would only make his brother’s agitation worse. Nikko could step in, but customers always got nasty around him. Their fear made them lash out, he still had a scar from one's ‘fear’. Alphonse was still silently boiling over that interaction...altercation. 
 
It was a good thing Nikko had the coolest head of them all. 

It’s ‘cause i’m from Drachma, darling.








Okay Al might be a little fond.
 
But that was neither here nor there! His brother was- oh he was being touched, Edward was about to break a man in half. 
 
He was about to intervene when he felt Nikko’s hand at his waist give a small squeeze. 
 
“Watch.” Was all he said, and though he had to fight every single instinct to do so, Al watched. 
 
Moments before disaster struck (Al had seen it enough times to know all the tells, even before his brother had flat ears and a twitching tail. He was much more intimidating now though with those little fangs.) a gentleman (And Al knew this as well, because the cats in the shop had 

flocked 

to him to avoid pretty much everyone else!) stepped forward from the line and grabbed the rude customer’s arm, yanking him back in the kindest way Alphonse had ever seen.
 
“Excuse me, sir, but I don’t believe he’s one of the cats that can be pet here. You’d do best to keep your hands to yourself around another person. Regardless of how cute they may be.”







Oho? Al’s ears were perked.
 
He watched as his brother’s ears perked up, even though the grimace was still on his mouth and his right hand was still a creaking metal fist. 
 
“Who do you think you are? You don’t work here! You can’t tell me what to do or how to act! I can do as I please!” Al felt his own ears flatten at that. How rude!







The gentleman customer only smiled, Al couldn’t even smell any anger or irritation.
 
“The only thing you have right there is that I don’t currently work here,” currently, huh, “aside from that, you should be extending societal norms to these fine folk here as well. You aren’t the ruler of the world, and we are not your subjects.” Gentleman Customer turned dark eyes toward Edward briefly before turning back to the Rude Customer, “Besides, I believe I just saved you a trip to the hospital. You should say thank you.”
 
The Rude Customer made various sounds of outrage while Edward hurriedly pushed the man’s coffee onto the counter nearer his hands.
 
“The bastards right, so why don’t you get the hell out of here and keep on livin’ another day.” The growl beneath the words was audible, his eyes were full slits and Al could only sigh as his dear elder brother called the nice gentleman a bastard. He would let it slide today though, he hadn’t lost his cool on the rude one!







Said Rude Customer made a big fuss that clearly no one was listening to as he snatched his cup and stalked out of the building, Alphonse’s precious kittens hissing at him on the way. 
 
He watched as Edward slowly looked up at the Gentleman customer, “Thanks...I guess. Saved me a lawsuit probably…”







The Gentleman seemed pleased, even though he had just been called a bastard not even moments before, “Oh, don’t mention it. I can’t stand to see kind people be mistreated because some asshole thinks they’re better than everyone else.” 





He felt Nikko squeeze his hip again. He could just feel a bet coming on.
 
Edward shrugged, “People have thought they’ve owned me damn near my entire life, less and less get away with it. What can I make for you. I can feel my little brother’s eyes searing into my skull so it’ll be on the house.” 
 
Good, he at least managed to drill 

some 

manners into that thick skull.
 
“Oh no I couldn’t possibly, how about, instead I offer an application.” Oh he was turning on charm too, Al could feel it from here.
 
“What do you wanna bet,” Nikko turned and whispered right into Al’s ear, “this ends up in a date.”







Al turned sparkling eyes to his wolf and barely contained his grin, “Oh it absolutely will if I have any say in it.”







In the meantime, Edward’s head tilted, “An application? Like, to work here?” 







Let it be known that, against the evidence shown, his big brother actually 

was

 smart. He just got confused around people he found attractive. Al knew he found Gentleman Customer attractive too. Just as much as Edward knew him, Alphonse knew Edward even better. 
 
Gentleman Customer’s smile was reminiscent of one of Nikkos.
 
 Wolfish. 
 
“Exactly so!”







Edward’s eyebrow quirked up, “What the hell? Why would you want to work here?” He was accepting the proffered piece of paper that supposedly had an application on it though, so he was interested.
 
“Other than the fact it’s a nice place and I’d get to smell coffee all day? I like cats but i’m not allowed to keep any, and I think i’ve grown attached to at least three of the strays here already.” His smile turned soft on the edges and Al knew his brother was secretly melting. Edward leaned a little over the counter to see that there were indeed a couple of very cuddly strays claiming Gentleman Customer’s legs as their own. 
 
He tried to keep a grumpy face but the slight sway to his tail betrayed him, “I mean...it’s not my call but i’ll talk to the owner, maybe we can get you a trial basis...it’s the least I could do.”







Al valiantly managed to keep his scoff tucked very nearly in. As if that right there alone wasn’t a shining, golden recommendation.
 
“I’m gonna need a name though...and...and an order.” Oh his brother was flushed!! Al’s tail twitched happily and he lightly smacked Nikko’s arm in giddy excitement, looking up at him with pure delight. Nikko’s hand came up to pet through his hair, and...yeah okay Al was all melty purrs.
 
“Roy, I think you’ll also find you’ve got my phone number as well. You should also know I’m not only amenable to business calls.” Oh that was flirting! They were flirting!







Edward’s blush got deeper, “I’ll..remember that.” 
 
Oh Al was going to tease Edward beyond teasing later. After closing up shop...and making sure Nikko made it home safely. (Safety in numbers. Al didn’t like that the other lived pretty far from the shop. He couldn’t be there for the morning walk, but he and Edward had made it routine to walk him home, even if he insisted he didn’t need it. Edward even pretended to be distracted by other things while they said their goodbyes! Which was sometimes little more than a little nuzzle, maybe a kiss. But even still! Al wanted the people he loved close…)







It was only after they had returned home, locked the store up tight and their home even tighter, both curled together in a living room nest decompressing did Al remember to begin his teasing.
 
“So, Mr. Roy huh?” Anyone else wouldn’t have been able to hear him past his little jet engine esque purring, but Edwards was well attuned to him.
 
Which meant he groaned dramatically and nuzzled into Al’s hair, “Don’t even start, nothing happened!!”







“No? But I saw flirting, Brother! Are you going to message him? What does his application look like? Do you think he’ll fit in?” Pretend its about business!







Ed sees right through him with a huff, “Looks fine to me...figured we could give a week, see if we all get along. It might be nice having someone at least 

seemingly 

human working.” 







“Seemingly human?” Al wiggled around to look his brother in the eye, it was a little hard when Ed was in a mood and demanded to be a big spoon. (Which was almost always, at least with Al.) 







He gave a lame shrug and refused to look Al in the eye, but there was still a telltale flush, “I dunno, seems too good to be true I guess. Yknow? Charming, kind, seems smart and trust worthy from what I saw. Dunno what the hell he’d want working here. Even part time, even for the cats. It’s not like you wouldn’t allow adoption.”







Al gave his brother a gentle nuzzle, “He can’t have them in his building, and …. Brother… people can be kind for no other reason than to be kind… I know… we haven’t had the best luck but… I know it to be true. People are inherently kind.” 
 
Ed sighed and held onto Al tighter, “I… really hope you’re right Al, I really do.”







Al knew he was. People were kind, and their luck had been looking up ever since they got this shop. Getting the shop, the cats, Nikko and now Roy. Al had hope, he 

believed 

it would work, that this would be good.
 
And in the end, Alphonse Elric was never wrong.
Assim que o relógio marcou 15h, Lily concluiu que estava esperando à toa.Não era um encontro amoroso, embora ela não pudesse negar que tinha um perfil no Tinder, nem uma saída à trabalho. Na verdade, ela nem queria estar ali, sentada naquele restaurante, esperando pela chegada de sua irmã, Petúnia, mas tinham assuntos familiares a resolver.Assuntos que, por ela, eram resolvidos por WhatsApp, exceto que sua irmã era dramática. Ou estava arrumando uma desculpa para vê-la sem deixar isso muito claro (seria demais para o seu tão sensível orgulho). 
The L’s Three

Lene, Lice, você
 Será que, se eu sair do restaurante sozinha, vão ficar achando que um boy me deixou plantada, esperando? (15:10) ✔✔ 
Lene
Com certeza vão (15:11) Foi o que pensei (15:12) ✓✓ Suspirando, Lily decidiu não perder a viagem, fazendo um sinal para um dos garçons, sorrindo o mais agradável que conseguia, considerando que tinha negado pedir umas três vezes, pelo menos.— Fish Pie, por favor.O garçom pegou o cardápio de suas mãos, sorrindo forçadamente, antes de afastar-se.— Não vou dar gorjeta — Lily resmungou para si mesma, antes de puxar o celular outra vez de seu colo.Assim que desbloqueou a tela, um movimento à frente captou a sua atenção.Um homem, que tinha acabado de entrar no restaurante, sentou-se à mesa do bar. Não era tão longe de onde ela estava sentada, e podia ver claramente como ele era. 
The L’s Three

Lene, Lice, você
 Acabou de entrar o cara mais lindo que já vi na vida (15:20) ✔✔ 
Lice
Mais lindo que o Joseph Morgan? (15:21) 
Lene
Alguém resolveu sair do Tinder, e conversar com as amigas (15:22) 
Lice
Eu não estava no Tinder! (15:22) Claro que não (15:23) ✔✔O relacionamento dela evoluiu para o WhatsApp mesmo (15:23) ✔✔ 
Lice
cOMO É O CARA? (15:24)tIRA UMA FOTO (15:24) Mordendo uma de suas unhas, que ainda tinha as lascas de um esmalte roxo, Lily voltou o seu olhar discretamente para a frente (ou o que ela considerava ser discreto). O tal cara começava a bebericar algum drink qualquer, o qual Lily não teria a menor capacidade de nomear, já que não era chegada a beber, e muito provavelmente à espera de alguém. 
The L’s Three
Lene está digitando... 
Lene
Vai! Tenta desviar de assunto! (15:25)Eu estou de olho na senhorita! (15:25) Ele deve estar esperando por alguém (15:26) ✔✔Sentou-se ao bar (15:26) ✔✔ 
Lene
Lily Mary Evans, você tem 1 minuto para nos enviar uma foto (15:27)Ou eu vou pegar o carro e ir imediatamente para onde você está (15:27)E puxá-lo para a sua mesa (15:28)Apresentá-los à força (15:28) Lily, imediatamente, pressionou o botão redondo de fora da tela, e pressionou o ícone da câmera. Celular com apenas a parte superior visível na mesa, ela colocou na direção onde o cara estava, e pressionou no botão de tirar foto.O som do flash soou bem alto no restaurante, e a luz não foi muito mais discreta.Abaixando a cabeça, sentindo o rosto queimar de vergonha, logo que o cara olhou para os lados, procurando pela origem do som, ela voltou ao grupo. 
The L’s Three
Lene está digitando... 
Lene
Eu estou pegando a minha bolsa (15:29)Evans, se você sair do restaurante, eu rodo Londres inteira atrás de você (15:29)Ou vou sozinha mesmo (15:30)Cadê a chave do carro? (15:30) Ai, meu Deus (15:30) ✔✔Que vontade de te matar, Lene! (15:30) ✔✔O flash estava ligado (15:31) ✔✔ 
Lene
Isso que é querer ser notada (15:32) 
Lice
Também você só tira foto no escuro, né (15:32) 
Lene
Você é anta, sua mula! (15:33)Quando você quer ser discreta, você tira foto pelo Snap (15:33)Ou tira a porcaria do flash (15:33) Sim, você me deu muito tempo para refletir (15:34) ✔✔ 
Lene
Faça seus esforços valerem a pena (15:34)A foto, Lily (15:34) — Aqui está.Lily quase caiu da cadeira com o susto que o garçom lhe deu, ao colocar o prato em cima da mesa.— Ah! Obrigada! — ela sorriu, envergonhada.Assim que ele foi embora, ela percebeu que não tinha pedido nada para beber.— E a lista de micos não para de crescer — Lily resmungou.Começava a amaldiçoar a sua irmã por ter decidido marcar um encontro, no qual não iria. E nem mandou uma mensagem para avisar que não iria, e o motivo de desmarcar. 
The L’s Three

Lene, Lice, você
 Vou comer, tchau (15:36) ✔✔[Foto] (15:37) ✔✔ 
Lene
VOCÊ NÃO PODE JOGAR A BOMBA E IR EMBORA! (15:37)NOS DEIXE SURTAR COM VOCÊ! (15:37) Lily bloqueou a tela, ignorando completamente como o celular vibrava, ao receber todas aquelas mensagens. Pegou o garfo e começou a comer, sem conseguir evitar o seu olhar de dirigir-se para onde o cara estava. Desta vez, o seu olhar foi correspondido, e ela precisou conter-se para não deixar o garfo escorregar por entre seus dedos, mas tinha certeza de que estava completamente rubra por ter sido flagrada.Então, uma última vibração em seu celular foi a desculpa que encontrou para desviar o olhar sem tornar a situação mais embaraçosa ainda. 
The L’s Three
Lene está digitando... 
[30 mensagens não lidas]
 
Lice
Oscar (15:50) 
Lene
SOCORRO HAHAHAHHA (15:51)Que nome é esse, miga? (15:51) 
Lice
Ei! Nome do meu avô! (15:52) 
Lene
O que já diz tudo! (15:52)Ele tem cara de Phillip (15:53) 
Lice
ELE TEM CARA DE TUDO! (15:54) ?????? (15:55) ✔✔ 
Lice
Olha só quem voltou! (15:56) 
Lene
Miga, seus gostos ficaram melhores, hein? (15:57)Ainda me lembro de quando você me disse que tinha achado o Rookwood lindo (15:58)Arg (15:58)Calafrios só de me lembrar (15:58) COM LICENÇA (15:59) ✔✔PODERIA PARAR DE JOGAR NA MINHA CARA COISAS DE UNS 10 ANOS ATRÁS? (16:00) ✔✔ 
Lice
Estamos tentando descobrir o nome dele (16:00) 
Lene
Mas você poderia ajudar, perguntando para ele (16:01) EU NÃO VOU PERGUNTAR! (16:01) ✔✔NÃO MESMO (16:01) ✔✔ Olhando de soslaio, conseguiu ver que a atenção do rapaz tinha se desviado, e suspirou, aliviada.Deixou o celular do lado do prato, sem desbloquear, lendo as mensagens, mas sem intervir, enquanto comia, já que o seu Fish Pie começava a esfriar não tão lentamente quanto ela gostaria. 
The L’s Three

Lene, Lice e você
 
Lice
Eu conheço esse garoto de algum lugar. (16:02) 
Lene
E VOCÊ SÓ NOS FALA ISSO AGORA? (16:03) 
Lice
Vou perguntar para Frank (16:03) 
Lene
... (16:03)O boy do Tinder? (16:04) 
Lice
Não enche! (16:04) Sem conseguir resistir, a sua mão esquerda, que nada segurava, dirigiu-se à tela, digitando como podia as seguintes palavras. 
The L’s Three

Lice está digitando...
 Vocês estão mais curiosas que eu (16:07) ✔✔E isso é dizer muito (16:07) ✔✔ 
Lene
Na verdade, somos a sua Lily interior (16:08)Fazendo aquilo que você está doida para fazer, mas tem vergonha (16:09) Lene mudou o nome do grupo para “Consciências da Lily”. 
Lice
Você é a consciência má, é claro (16:11) Então é bem estranho a consciência boa e a má estarem agindo conjuntamente (16:12) ✔✔ 
Lene
Intenções diferentes (16:13)Ela quer que vocês casem e tenham filhos (16:13)Eu quero que vocês transem (16:14) 
Lice
Não vou nem comentar (16:15) Você sabe que, para ter filhos, precisa transar, né? (16:16) ✔✔Minha consciência má é burra (16:16) ✔✔ 
Lene
Ei! (16:17)No caso, eu só quero que vocês vão para a cama (16:18)Dane-se o que acontecer depois (16:18) 
Lice
instagram.com/jamespotter (16:20) 
Lene
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH (16:20)EU TE AMOOOOOOO (16:20)NÃO ACREDITO! (16:20) Não acredito (16:21) ✔✔ 
Lene
VOCÊ ENCONTROU! (16:21) Lily tinha certeza de que estava boquiaberta, e fechou a boca logo que teve consciência deste fato, voltando a prestar atenção ao prato de comida ainda não terminado. Estava enrolando naquele restaurante havia muito tempo.Franzindo o cenho, ela levantou o olhar, e James Potter ainda estava no bar. E, se duvidasse, ainda bebericava o mesmo drink.Quem ele tanto esperava ali?— Vai ver ele é trouxa que nem eu — ela resmungou consigo mesmo, ao lembrar-se do sumiço repentino de Petúnia. 
Consciências da Lily

Lene, Lice, e você
 
Lice
James Charlus Potter (16:23)22 anos (16:23)Cursando faculdade em Durmstrang (16:23)Não sei o curso (16:23) 
Lene
Eu amo a internet (16:24) Como que o seu boy do Tinder o conhece? (16:24) ✔✔ 
Lice
Vai saber (16:25)Ele conhece muitas pessoas (16:25) 
Lene
Lily, anda logo! (16:26) O garfo fez um barulho no prato, e Lily notou que a comida tinha, finalmente, terminado. Sentindo a garganta mais seca que nunca, ela olhou tentada para o bar.Uma cadeira foi puxada à sua frente, e Lily arregalou os olhos, surpresa.Petúnia estava apática, como sempre, e jogou a sua bolsa em cima da mesa, sem o mínimo de cuidado, fazendo sinal para um garçom.— Apareceu a margarida! — exclamou Lily, sentindo-se ficar irritada — Ou melhor, a petúnia!— Que engraçada — disse Petúnia, debochada, depois de fazer o seu pedido.— Posso retirar? — perguntou o garçom.— Pode — disse Lily, sem preocupar-se em ser gentil — Traga um copo d’água, por favor.— Um suco de maracujá — completou Petúnia.O homem afastou-se da mesa, deixando-as sozinhas.— O que aconteceu? Combinamos aqui às 14h! Já são duas horas e meia de atraso! — exigiu Lily.— Não faça drama — Petúnia revirou os olhos, jogando o seu cabelo para trás — Eu tenho mais o que fazer, né.— Claro! Porque você trabalha tanto — a ruiva debochou.— Bem, alguém nessa família tem que ser bem cuidada, e isso exige muito.James voltou a olhar para a direção delas, e Lily apertou a sua mão em punho, enquanto a outra segurava o celular.— Aproveite aí o seu almoço! — disse Lily, repentinamente, levantando-se — Ou melhor, lanche.— Aonde você vai? — perguntou Petúnia, indignada.Ela não respondeu, indo até a área do bar, e sentando-se na cadeira ao lado da de James, que não tirava os olhos dela.— Licor — ela disse para o barman — Você já está aqui há um bom tempo.— Você também — retrucou James.— Minha irmã achou que seria divertido me deixar esperando — Lily revirou os olhos, pegando o copo de licor e tomando-o de uma só vez.— Ela está aqui, pelo menos — disse James, sem olhar na direção da loira.— Não é uma companhia muito boa — ela deu de ombros.Se, ao sair de casa naquele dia, Marlene tivesse lhe dito que ela acabaria flertando com um completo desconhecido (ou quase isso) no bar, Lily pensaria que era alguma armação da melhor amiga.— Por que eu tenho a sensação de que você já me conhece? — perguntou James, desconfiado.— Claro que não — mentiu Lily — Prazer, meu nome é Lily Evans.Ele pegou o celular do seu bolso da calça, erguendo para ela. 
Frank Longbottom
Online Tem uma garota aí no restaurante perguntando por você (16:15)Uma das amigas de Alice (16:15) A garota do Tinder? (16:15) ✔✔Mas aqui só tem uma ruivinha (16:16) ✔✔ Lily Evans, eu acho (16:16)Ela é ruiva sim (16:16) — Eu sei — disse James, sorrindo, ao ver o seu constrangimento — James Potter.— Ops! — foi a única coisa que lhe ocorreu dizer.— Eu deveria me preocupar? — ele perguntou, guardando o celular novamente.— Na verdade, não fui eu quem te stalkeei — Lily defendeu-se — Foram as minhas amigas.— Sinto-me honrado pela investigação via Instagram.— Cale a boca, ou vou começar a me arrepender de ter te achado lindo.Lily olhou para trás, vendo como Petúnia almoçava, aparentando estar descontente em como estava sendo ignorada. Sem poder se importar menos, Lily respirou fundo, ignorando a situação constrangedora, e virando-se para o garçom mais uma vez.— Mais um licor, por favor. 
Consciências da Lily

Lene está digitando...
 
[50 mensagens não lidas]
 Lene mudou o nome do grupo para “Eu shippo Jily”. 
Lene
Acho que ela foi atrás dele (18:00) 
Lice
A Lily? (18:01)Ata (18:01) É bom vocês shipparem mesmo (18:10) ✔✔Porque Lily Evans está namorando (18:10) ✔✔

[December 23, 2019.   Kiyosu, Japan.]

There was a very light drizzle outside.   It didn’t snow often in Kiyosu, and when it did, it usually happened in February, not December.  “It’s a shame, y'know?   This is a romantic time of year.    Just once, it’d be nice to have a White Christmas without having to head out to Shirakawago or someplace up north.”Yamcha was a regular at the Emerald Eye Cafe.   He liked to chat while he paid for his order.   Every year around Christmas, he would wax poetic about the lack of snowfall in the Aichi Prefecture, and speak idly about someday taking a trip to a ski resort in Hokkaido.   Zatte didn’t know if he would ever make the trip.    She only knew that he visited her store nearly every day, and she suspected that he enjoyed talking about snow and travel than the actual experience.      He had a large iced milk coffee and a potato salad sandwich, which came to 1260 yen.  Zatte never minded the lack of snow.   It meant one less obstacle to the day-to-day routine.   She didn’t know how people got along in snowy parts of the world, and she wasn’t terribly interested in finding out.    Christmas was Christmas whether it snowed or not.    The sound system in the cafe was playing Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony for the fourth time that day, and she had been selling Christmas cakes for the better part of the month.   Half of her customers spoke excitedly of their plans for the holiday, and the absence of snow didn’t seem to discourage any of them.   And then there was her “favorite” tradition of the season.    “… might call her up tonight and see if she wants to check out the lights downtown.   You know, keep it casual.    How about you?   You got any big plans for Christmas?”  Zatte shook her head.    "Maybe,“ she said.   She had learned a long time ago that this was the best way to keep conversations short.    Yamcha might have had unlimited time to talk, but she needed to head back to the kitchen at some point.     Answering "no” only invited a polite argument.   “Come on… I’m sure a young lady like yourself must have something to do on Christmas!” and so on.    Answering “yes” was a lie, and it only invited the other person to press for details that didn’t exist.    “Maybe, huh?”   Yamcha replied.    He finally fished the money out of his wallet and laid it on the counter.    "Well, that’s better than nothing, after all.    Hang in there.“    "Out of 1500 yen, 240 yen and your receipt,” Zatte said, handing him a few coins and a slip of paper.    “Radical.    Well, I’ll get out of your hair,” Yamcha said.   “Thanks!”She relaxed a bit when he left the store.    Truthfully, he was one of the best customers–courteous, patient, and easy to please.   Outside of work, he was probably an okay person to hang out with, if you liked hanging out with middle-aged civil servants.       But in a customer service setting, life was all about getting the clients’ orders filled and getting them on their way with as little fuss as possible.    Zatte didn’t think of herself as an introvert, but working retail seemed to have a funny way of making her feel like one for a few hours.She supposed that it would be kind of fun to be chummy with the regulars, but the fact was that she had too many responsibilities behind the counter.    She had to count the money later.   The tables would need to be wiped down.     Fresh muffins had to go on the display.    The cook would probably need help, sooner or later.    The customers saw this place as her home, and she was a hostess providing companionship in addition to food and a place to relax.    That was the business model, of course, but it was still a business.  She chided herself for feeling grumpy, but decided that she had at least kept an even keel through the morning.  The key was to accept the bad moods when they came, so long as she put on a pleasant face for the customers.   They had their own lives and their own problems, after all.    It wasn’t fair to them–or profitable for her– to burden them with her own troubles.    *******Two hours later, she was reminded of one of those troubles.    “You haven’t seen Roshi at all today, have you?”  A shiver ran down Zatte’s spine at the name.   “Not today, why?”    Krillin took his latte from her and shrugged slightly.    "Well, let’s just say I need to talk to him about something,“ he said evenly.   Krillin was a police officer, which tended to inform statements like these, but he still felt a need to be as discreet as possible.    "Did something happen?” Zatte asked.    “Hey, you’ve gotten really good at making pictures with the foam,” Krillin said.   He pointed at the surface of his drink.   “It looks just like that guy from One Piece.”“Thanks,” Zatte said.   “I’m still trying to get the hang of it, but luckily he’s not too tough to draw.   He’s good practice.”    “I oughta watch that show sometime,” Krillin said.    "Everyone at the station keeps saying I sound like the guy, but I don’t even know anything about it.    What’s his name?   ‘Luffa’ or something.    No, hold on, that was the girl who used to be your cook, wasn’t it?“  "Uh, yeah,” Zatte said.    She was sorely tempted to use “maybe”, but that seemed kind of pointless here.    Luffa was something of a legend at the Emerald Eye.    Even if Krillin hadn’t remembered her name, he would still know her reputation, so there was no point pretending she didn’t exist.    “Whatever happened to her, anyway?” Krillin asked.    He took a sip of his latte and added: “Nothing against the new guy, but she made the best danishes.   And that egg salad!    Boy, I could go for some of that right about now.”  “Would you like me to get you–?” Zatte started to ask, but Krillin shook his head.    “Nah, it just wouldn’t be the same,” he said.    "Something about the spices.   Paprika, I think.    Better to live with the memories.“    "Understood,” Zatte said, though she really didn’t understand at all.  “Anyway, I’ll be around for a little while, but if you see Roshi later, let me know, all right?   And… don’t tell him I said anything.”  “Of course,” Zatte said.   As Krillin turned and went to his usual seat, Zatte wondered what sort of trouble that man had gotten into this time.    It was always something with him.   She wanted to believe that this time would be different, but somehow he always managed to get away with his bad behavior.    Later, as luck would have it, Roshi did stumble into the cafe.   “Well hell-oooooooo, nurse!” he crooned as he staggered to the counter.    The stench of alcohol on his breath was unmistakable.    Public drinking was legal in Japan, though Roshi seemed to consider this license to make an ass of himself whenever he pleased.  “Can I help you?” Zatte said, struggling to maintain her composure.  “Well, you see,” Roshi said with a mischievous grin, “It’s my nose.    It’s awfully cold this time of year, and I was hoping I could… heh-heh-heh… warm it up.”Zatte looked toward Krillin’s seat, ready and eager to call out to him.    But it was empty.    Had he already left?  “Now I know this is a coffee shop and all, but I don’t think hot beverages will do the trick here.    No, sir.   I was thinking more along the lines of…” He held up his hands to pantomime the act of shoving his face into a pair of large breasts.   Then he started smiling, like he had just suggested the most brilliant idea, ever.Zatte wasn’t sure that what she felt for this man qualified as hate, or pity, or revulsion.    She only knew that he was a pathetic old man, who seemed to think his crudeness was quaint, or charming in some way.   He was sorely mistaken, and she wanted him out of the store, permanently.    Did that mean she wanted him dead?    The thought of this worried Zatte, more for her own sake than for his.    “Sir, if you want something, you’ll need to place an order,” she said through clenched teeth.   Below the countertop, her right hand clenched into a fist.“Oh, well in that case,” Roshi said, “I’d like to buy a pair of… heh-heh-heh… panties please!   Used ones, of course!”    Zatte wanted him dead.   If that reflected negatively on her character, then so be it.    If Roshi had a heart attack and died right in front of her, she was sure she would feel relieved instead of sad.   It wasn’t even the harassment so much as the fact that he used the same five or six lines every time he came into the store.   He wants to “puff-puff”, he wants someone’s panties, he wants to have coffee in the ladies’ restroom, he wants to take showers with any woman in the store, and so on.   Roshi embodied the absolute worst qualities of customers.   He seemed to thrive on the power of going into shops and forcing cashiers and waitstaff to listen to his crude and pointless jabber, precisely because they had little choice but to put up with it.  And then, just as Roshi was telling the one about putting his grimy hands on someone’s buttocks, Krillin stepped out of the men’s room.    "Oh, there you are,“ he said as he noticed Roshi at the counter.    "Eh?   Krillin?    What are you doing here?” Roshi asked.    His jovial tone was suddenly gone.  He almost sounded sober.    Almost.“We got another complaint about you,” Krillin said with a sigh.   “That maid cafe you keep messing around with.”“Th-that was just a joke!” Roshi protested.    "Can’t an old man have a bit of harmless fun anymore?“"That girl you were picking on didn’t think it was so harmless,” Krillin grumbled.   “Look, I have to take you down to the station.”“What?   You can’t do that!”   He tried to run out the door, but Krillin caught up to him before he could get there.  “Just settle down,” Krillin said.     “Don’t make this any more difficult than it already is.”This only made Roshi even more difficult than he already was.    Eventually, Krillin managed to get the handcuffs on him, and he frog-marched Roshi out the door.   By the time they left, everyone in the shop was staring.     With Krillin and Roshi now gone, that left them no one to look at but Zatte.    “Uh, sorry for the disturbance,” she said awkwardly.    She wasn’t sure how to feel about what had just happened, but she hoped that this meant Roshi wouldn’t be back for a long time.   That should have made her feel more at ease, but somehow she felt more tense than before.*******More than anything, Zatte just wanted some normal customers.    She was starting to miss Yamcha, but then Tien entered the store, and she felt a sense of relief.    Of all of her regulars, he was one of the easiest to deal with.    “Hello,” he said evenly.  “How can I help you, sir?”  she asked pleasantly.    He gestured to the smaller man who had followed him into the store.   Zatte had never seen a little person before, but she was pretty sure this man was small enough to qualify as one.    “This is my brother, Chiaotzu,” he explained.   “I’ve been showing him around while he’s in town.”  “Pleased to make your acquaintance,” she said with a slight bow.  Chiaotzu did not move.    “I get my coffee here after work,” Tien said to him.    "Black, please.    No sugar.“"Of course,” Zatte said.    "And for your brother?“"Ice cream cafe au lait,” Chiaotzu said after a pregnant pause.   He never blinked.   He just stared at Zatte as though gazing into her soul.    “Certainly.   Your total is 1140 yen.”They paid and she brought the drinks to their table a few minutes later.    Zatte forgot about them after that, until she happened to look up while counting the money in the register.   Chiaotzu was still staring at her.   His expression was completely neutral.    What made it even stranger was how normally Tien behaved by contrast.    He was facing away from Zatte, but he was moving his head and arms like anyone having a normal conversation.    If he even noticed Chiaotzu staring past him, he didn’t seem to care.  She tried to ignore him, but this proved more difficult than she imagined.    Every time she happened to glance in his direction, there he was, still staring, never moving.    The cup in front of him was already empty.    At some point he must have drank his au lait, but Zatte had no idea when that could have happened.    What was it about his eyes?   Those bottomless, pitiless eyes?   Looking at them just made her realize how pale his complexion was, like one of those stories about a vampire secretly living among humans.   She was grateful for the next few customers who came in, as they gave her something else to think about, if only for a few minutes at a time.    She turned away from the counter to tidy up her workspace, and when she looked around again, he was suddenly standing there, glaring at her through the display glass.  “Orange cranberry muffins,” Chiaotzu said.  “Huh?” Zatte said, trying to hide how much he had startled her.  He pressed his face up to the glass.   By this time of day, the display case was nearly empty, as the demand for baked goods was too low to justify making more.  "Do you still sell them?   Or did you just run out?“  Chiaotzu asked.    "Um, we stopped selling them,” Zatte said.    "We, uh, changed cooks a while ago.    So we changed the menu.   I’m sorry.“Chiaotzu never took his eyes off her, and after a long pause, he finally uttered: "Oh.   That’s too bad.”“There you are,” Tien said as he walked up to the counter.    "Come on, Chiaotzu, we need to get going.“Chiaotzu turned and followed him out the door, and Zatte was never so grateful to see the back of someone’s head.    He was bald, so she half expected a second pair of eyes to be there waiting for her.   Instead, he turned back toward her, just as he stepped through the door.  "Thanks for the coffee,” he said, though his expression looked more like he should be accusing Zatte of desecrating his own empty grave.When he was finally gone, she glanced down at the display case.    Luffa used to restock it herself, multiple times a day.    It was a welcome distraction from the rigors of the day, even though she only popped out of the kitchen for a minute or two.   She would have whispered something like “Get a load of that guy,” to her, and they would have shared a quiet chuckle over it.  But Luffa was gone, and the new cook was fine, even if he wasn’t quite as good, or fast, or popular with the customers.    It made the workday slower, but Zatte was determined not to let that get in her way.    She considered herself a survivor, someone who could adapt and endure anything life threw at her.    All that mattered was getting through the day and closing up the shop, and then getting through tomorrow, and the day after, and so on.    She didn’t need Luffa, or anyone else to do that.  At least, that was what she told herself.  *******Keda usually got home from school by 3:45 P.M.   Today, she returned an hour early.    Zatte wanted to know why, but there were too many customers for her to ask, and Keda walked straight through the swinging gate at the counter, and into the door that led to the upstairs apartment where they lived.  Ten minutes later, she came back down, having swapped her school uniform for a blue “Emerald Eye” apron.   Under that, she wore one of her collection of T-shirts commemorating various professional wrestlers.   This one said “NIGHTMARE ANGELS” in English, with the words “KNEE THE ELITE” in smaller text.    Zatte was grateful that the apron kept the customers from seeing the entire shirt, and she hoped most of them didn’t know enough English to be able to read it and wonder what it meant.    She was pretty sure Keda would try to explain it if someone asked, but no one did, and Zatte was grateful for this as well.    “Need some help?” Keda asked.  “Why are you out of school so early?” Zatte asked as she finished handing someone their change.    “They let us out early,” Keda said.   “It’s the Emperor’s Birthday.”  “Not anymore,” Zatte said.   “The Emperor abdicated, remember?   The new Emperor’s birthday won’t be until February.”“Well, we convinced the school that it wasn’t fair,” Keda said with a shrug.   “I mean, December 23rd is a good place for a holiday, isn’t it?    Right before Christmas.    The new Emperor can’t help being born in February, but it’s not right that we don’t have an Emperor’s Birthday holiday in 2019.   It just seems disrespectful, doesn’t it?   So the student council talked it over with the faculty, and we agreed to let out two hours early as a compromise.”“Why can’t you just say you cut classes like all the other kids?” Zatte grumbled.  “Because that’s not what happened,” Keda said.   “Can I help it if the President of the Student Council likes my ideas?    Can I help it if the faculty is really open to suggestions?”  She picked up a small cup and put less than fifty milliliters of hazelnut coffee in it from the dispenser behind the cash register.   Keda smelled it, but decided it was too hot to drink.    This was part of her after-school ritual.  “I wish you’d stop doing that,” Zatte said.    “Everyone says it’s an acquired taste,” Keda said.    "I’m almost twelve, Zatte.   In a few years, boys are gonna want to take me to coffee shops.    I mean, not this one, that’d be kind of awkward.   Getting waited on by your own sister.    But a coffee shop, and I need to be ready to drink coffee by then.“  "Now if only I could get you to put that kind of dedication into your schoolwork,” Zatte said.    “Oh, I’ve got that under control,” Keda said.    "You see my grades, right?   I’ve got a high school picked out and everything.    But none of that matters if a boy buys me a coffee and I start gagging at the first sip.“As she said this, Keda decided her drink was cool enough, and she carefully raised it to her lips.    She winced, but managed to swallow it, though the face she made indicated that it was an unpleasant achievement.    "Ugh.   Okay… okay… I’m getting there.”“Why would you want to go on a coffee date anyway?” Zatte asked.   “Just tell a boy that you work at a cafe and you’d rather see a movie instead.”  “That’s the beauty of it!” Keda explained.   “If he takes me to a coffee shop, it’s like I’m on my own turf.    It gives me the advantage.   I can say all sorts of things during the date, like how they get the caffeine out of decaf, or how the cappuccino machine works.    They’ll think I’m super-sophisticated that way.   If I’m at a movie I’m totally out of my element.   You really need to read more  Sun Tzu, Zatte.”  “Sun Tzu?”   Zatte asked, bewildered.   “Are you trying to date a boy or kill him?”“Never mind me,” Keda said.    "I’ll bet you’re excited today.“  "About what?” Zatte asked.  “About Luffa, dummy,” Keda said.  “Luffa who?” Zatte grumbled.   “You mean our ex-cook who walked out on us and barely ever stops by?”“Oh, come on,” Keda said.    "You know how busy she is, and she’s on the road constantly.“    "And now that she just happens to be in the area, I’m supposed to be giddy about it?”    Zatte asked.    "It’s not like she’s coming to see me, Keda.   You’re her biggest fan.“  "Come on, you miss her too,” Keda said.   “She’s your best friend.”“No, she’s not,” Zatte said.   “I mean, of course she’s my friend, but not like… Don’t you have homework to do?”“Nope,” Keda said.    “Then shouldn’t you be watching your show?”   Zatte asked.    “It doesn’t start until five,” Keda said.  “All right then, go bus some tables,” Zatte said, and then tossed a washcloth at her.   Keda nodded with a shrug and then headed off to begin her assignment.*******Exactly two hours and fifteen minutes later, Keda had vanished from the shop.    Zatte was never sure if she was doing a good job raising her little sister.   It often felt like Keda was raising herself, and acting out just enough to make Zatte feel like she was involved in the process.    The girl was extremely smart for her age, and she helped out with the cafe, so it seemed unfair to criticize her for being nosy or presumptuous.   It was hard to tell whether she was being too strict on Keda or not strict enough.  No, Keda wasn’t what had her on edge.    It was Luffa.  Zatte did miss her, but not in a way she particularly cared to admit to anyone else.   And with Luffa away from the cafe, essentially out of their lives, it seemed pointless to admit anything now.   Better to go on like it hadn’t mattered.   Better to be strong and independent, and hope that everyone accepted the image of Zatte as an independent, responsible shopkeeper.   It wasn’t always a satisfying life, but at least it was her own, and it couldn’t be taken away by someone when they moved on to other things.  As much as she appreciated the new cook, she had to suppress a certain resentment towards him.   It wasn’t his fault that he didn’t have the same level of culinary talent.    Or that he didn’t have that same wild look in his eye.    Or that the apron didn’t frame the small of his back the right way.   Or (let’s face it) that he was a 'he.’   So Zatte was never sure if she was too hard on the guy, or if she was too easy on him because she was trying not to be too hard on him.   Now that she thought about it, she had the same trouble with Luffa back in the day, for completely opposite reasons.  It was distracting and depressing, and she wasn’t sure how she would feel about it, and she just wanted some work to do so she could think about something else.  *******Gradually, more customers came into the store as offices started to close for the evening.   It always struck Zatte as odd that people would want coffee so late in the day, but she supposed that they were all trying to fight off the tiredness from the workday, even if it cost them a few hours of sleep later in the night.  By 8:00 P.M., Zatte had convinced herself that she had nearly forgotten about whats-her-name, and she had settled into a steady routine of taking orders, making change, and handing out drinks.    Then a middle-aged couple threw off the entire rhythm.  The wife had been very concise with her order, but her husband was holding up the line while he tried to decide what he wanted.  “Now, lemme see here,” he said as he looked at the menu and thoughtfully rubbed his chin with his thumb.   “Oh, you’ve got pork fillet cutlets?   I’ll take two of them, and…. the egg sandwich… and… hmmm.   Wow, you’ve got chili dogs?   That’s awesome!   Three chili dogs, please!”“Um… will there be anything else?”   Zatte asked, unsure if she really wanted to know.   His wife seemed to feel the same way.  “Goku, you’ll never be able to eat all of that,” she groaned.  “Sure I will!” he insisted.   “I had a light lunch today, so…”The look on his wife’s face suggested that this was not even remotely true.     Zatte decided it was better to just ring them up and get their money before she could talk him out of it.  “It will take some time to prepare all of this, you understand,” Zatte said to Goku.  “Aw, don’t worry about that,” Goku said.    "Take as long as you need.   Me 'n’ Chi-Chi will be so busy playing with the rabbits that we probably won’t even notice!“"Rabbits?” Zatte asked.    “Where do ya keep those guys, anyway?” Goku asked.    He began looking around in every direction, which made all of the cowlicks in his hair that much harder to ignore.   “Oh, crap, we forgot to order lettuce so we’d have somethin’ to feed 'em!”Chi-Chi’s face began to turn red, and Zatte finally began to understand what he was talking about.“Sir,” Zatte said, “This isn’t a rabbit cafe.”“It’s not?” Goku asked.   “Well, you’ve at least got a cat or something, right?”“No, we just serve coffee and food.”“Goku, we talked about this on the way here…” Chi-Chi grumbled.Goku crossed his arms and lowered his head, and it was hard to tell if he was pouting or contemplating his predicament.   “Darn.   Well, you still got chili dogs.   I guess that’ll just have to do.”“I… apologize for the inconvenience,” Zatte said.   She had never meant that sentence less than she did in this moment.  *******Ten minutes later, Keda was downstairs in the shop again, sitting at one of the booths and scribbling notes while she read from a textbook.    When asked, she would insist that this wasn’t homework that had been assigned, and she was simply working ahead in anticipation of future assignments.   Zatte was too exasperated with this explanation to dispute it.   By now, business had slowed down considerably, with only a few stragglers coming in for quick to-go orders.    At one of the tables, Goku was still finishing the feast he had ordered while his wife played a game on her phone and tried not to look too embarrassed.  Finally, the couple got up to leave, and as they did, the doors swung open, and someone else entered the shop.“Luffa!” Keda shouted.    She practically jumped out of the booth and ran up to meet her.  “Hey, kid!” Luffa replied.   She had been holding a gym bag, but dropped it so she could return Keda’s embrace.    Zatte had been unloading the dishwasher when Luffa entered, and she looked over to see her.   Luffa was wearing a pair of zubaz–baggy gym pants with a zebra-striped pattern–and a satin jacket with a steakhouse logo printed on the front.    There was a smear of green around her lips, and even her teeth had a green stain on them.    Once, Luffa had worn her hair long, but now it was cut very short and seemed to stand on end.    And she had colored it an unnatural shade of yellow, far more vivid than blonde.  “You beat Ribrianne!”  Keda said excitedly.    "That puts your score up to 10 points!“"Hey, don’t sound so surprised,” Luffa said.  “I thought she had you near the end,” Keda said.   “You looked like you were nearly out of it, and then you reversed that suplex into a head-scissors… how did you do that?”Luffa puffed out her chest and jabbed her sternum with her thumb.    "What do you mean how?    I’m the Golden Ace, aren’t I?“"Well yeah,” Keda said, “but you lost to Hop last week.”Luffa grimaced like she had accidentally swallowed a bug.   “She cheated.    That doesn’t count.”“Well, the tournament rules say it does count, but now that you’ve got ten points, you’ve got a strong chance of winning.   There’s still some tiebreaker scenarios to consider, but personally I like your chances.”“Ugh,” Luffa said.   “I’m glad you can make sense of the scores.   You know, these round-robin tournaments are great, right until you have to figure out whether you’re winning or losing.   Is Kale still in the running, or did she get eliminated?”Keda pointed to a group of armchairs at one corner of the cafe.    "Come on,“ she said, "I’ll walk you through the scenarios.”  Luffa followed her, waving to Zatte as she passed by.   As she did this, she nearly bumped into Goku as he and his wife were on their way to the door.   They exchanged a look, and for a split second, Zatte was worried that it might become awkward.   Luffa almost looked like she was sizing him up for a fight.    She couldn’t read Goku at all, but she assumed he was mostly intrigued by her loud costume.    For some reason, the sound system in the store was playing a metal cover of “Carol of the Bells”.    Zatte didn’t know how that had gotten added to the holiday playlist.  “Cool hair!” Goku finally said.  “Hey, thanks,” Luffa said.    And then they went their separate ways.    The music system abruptly switched to “Here Comes Santa Claus,” perhaps the most tension-free Christmas song of all.“Now then,” Luffa said to Keda as she collapsed into one of the armchairs.    "Let’s get down to business.“Keda was tapping a notepad with a pen, looking more like Luffa’s accountant than a young fan.    "Right, well, obviously, if you can win all of your next matches, you’ll be a shoo-in to win the tournament.   But even if you lose two more, there’s still a chance of squeaking by.    The only thing I’m worried about is you tying with Hop.”“She cheated,” Luffa grumbled.    “It doesn’t matter,” Keda said.  "If you both tie on points, she wins the tiebreaker, since she has a win over you.   But if Ribrianne beats her, that’ll set up a possible four-way tie with Videl.   Then you’d win, because you’d have the best record among the four of you.“"Sounds like I should just win the rest of my matches,” Luffa said after digesting what Keda had said.  “Just promise me you’ll stay in the ring when you face Sorrel,” Keda pleaded.   “She always tricks her opponents into getting counted out, and I know how much you like to fight in the crowd.”“What I like,” Luffa said with a sadistic grin, “is having the referee out of my way.    If Sorrel thinks a twenty-count will save her from me, then she’s already lost.”“But if you get counted out, you could lose the tournament!” Keda protested.    "Then you won’t get a shot at the All-Pacific Championship!“"Hah!   If someone like Sorrel can beat me,” Luffa said, “then I don’t deserve the title.    It’s that simple.   Besides, she’s not the only one with a trick up her sleeve.”   She pointed at her mouth, which had smears of green dye around it.    “When are you gonna teach me how to do the poison mist?” Keda asked.  “I keep telling you, kid,” Luffa said, “it’s a sacred technique.    I can’t just teach it to anybody.”Zatte approached them and cleared her throat to get their attention.    "Sorry to interrupt this strategy conference, but I thought the 'Golden Ace’ might be hungry.“     She held up a chicken salad sandwich and a to-go cup of coffee, which Luffa accepted with relish.  "You’re a lifesaver,” Luffa said with a smile.  "I haven’t eaten since before the show started.“"You’d think SPARKING! could afford catering for their events,” Zatte said.    “They do,” Luffa said as she unwrapped the sandwich.   “I just don’t like to eat so close to bell time.     Makes me nervous.   Too many stories out there about guys pooping their pants during matches.”  “Ewwww!” Keda said.  "Really?“  "I’ve never run into it myself,” Luffa said, “but you hear about it.    I almost threw up during a match, so I believe it.”“Was it because you swallowed posion mist?” Keda asked.  “Huh?  Oh, no way,” Luffa said with her mouth full.    "I… well, I built up an immunity to that a long time ago.“Keda began scratching her chin thoughtfully.   "Immunity… so that’s it.”“What do I owe you?” Luffa asked Zatte.    “It’s on the house,” Zatte replied.    “Oh, come on,” Luffa said, “I’m making halfway decent money these days.”  Zatte pointed at Luffa’s yellow-and-black striped pants.     “Then why are you dressed like you’re doing your laundry?”  “Hey, these are high fashion in my line of work,” Luffa said with a smile.    She propped her black boots on the ottoman in front of the armchair.    There was an image of a playing card printed on the sides of each boot.     “Check it out,” she said.    "They liked my match in Osaka so much that they paid me a little extra, and I used it to get these babies.    I can afford to live it up at the Emerald Eye Cafe.“"Don’t worry about it.   Half my regulars keep asking if you’ll ever come back to the kitchen,” Zatte said.    "You did such a good job while you were here that I’m still making money off of it now.“    "How’s the new guy working out?” Luffa asked, glancing toward the general direction of the kitchen.“He’s fine,” Zatte said.   “He’s not as good as you, but who could be?”“You know, that’s what I think about you,” Luffa said as she took a swig of her coffee.    "I mean, there’s a cafe near the dojo.   It’s just not the same.“"Right.”  “Yeah.”  There was a long silence, and then Keda nudged Luffa in the arm.    "Hey, do you really think you can beat Kale next Saturday?“ she asked.    "Are you saying I can’t?”   Luffa asked in a haughty tone.    “I’m just saying you can’t take her lightly,” Keda said.    "That running knee she does is nothing to sneeze at.“  "Running knee,” Luffa scoffed.   “Let me tell you what I’ll do about that running knee…”“I need to get back to the register,” Zatte said, though she doubted anyone was listening.    *******Closing time at the Emerald Eye wasn’t for another hour, but the kitchen shut down at nine.   The cook was saying his goodbyes to Zatte before leaving, when he happened to notice Luffa and Keda chatting.    “Is she some kind of celebrity?” he asked.  “Huh?  No, that’s Luffa,” Zatte said.    “Oh.  What’s with the hair?” he asked.    "She looks like a pop idol.“"She’s a professional wrestler,” Zatte explained.   “She quit working here to go work for the SPARKING! promotion.   They did a show tonight in Okazaki, so she came by to visit.”“Huh.   I thought she became a famous chef or something like that.”“No, as good a cook as she is, she only worked her to make ends meet until she could break into the business,” Zatte said.   “And she’s done pretty well.   I read on the internet that they’re planning to make her the next All-Pacific Champion.”“I thought you have to win the championship in a match,” he said.  Zatte turned and gave him a dirty look.   “It’s fake,” she said.   “They decide who wins and loses ahead of time.”“Oh!   Right,” he said.   “I guess it’s like getting a promotion at an office job, then.   You must be happy for her.”“I don’t know that it matters,” Zatte said.    "This is the first time she’s come back since she left.    If Keda wasn’t such a big fan of this stuff, she probably wouldn’t even bother.   She’s moved on.   I heard she’s dating some referee there.    She’s got a whole new life on the road now.“"Well, I’d go over and pay my respects, but my parents are pretty upset that I haven’t called home in a while, so…”  Zatte nodded and waved.  "Yeah, sure.   See you tomorrow, Trunks.“Less than five seconds after he had walked out the door, a man walked in and asked for Christmas cake.    Zatte stifled a groan and explained that the kitchen was closed for the night.    This was spelled out on the cafe’s front door, but no one ever really read that as they walked in.    *******At 10 P.M. Zatte switched the sign in the window to "CLOSED”, and began turning off several of the lights in the store, until only the section above the armchairs was illuminated.    The Christmas lights on the trees outside were easier to see this way, and they lent a pinkish, purplish tint to the inside of the cafe.    Finally, Zatte walked over to Luffa’s chair and took a bottle of soda out of her apron.    She slung the apron over the chair opposite Luffa’s, then collapsed into it with a heavy sigh.    “Long day?” Luffa asked.   It wasn’t until she saw her up close that Zatte noticed how tired Luffa looked.   Keda had gone to bed a half-hour earlier, leaving Luffa by herself.   She looked like she wanted to fall asleep in the chair, but was too excited from the day’s events.“I’ve had worse,” Zatte said, “but that was back when I had you on the staff.”    “Well, I’m off for a few days,” Luffa said.    "I could give you guys a hand.“"Tempting,” Zatte said.   “Keda would be thrilled, but I couldn’t impose on you like that.     You’ve probably got plans for Christmas Eve.”“Not really,” Luffa said.   “That’s why I came here.    I’ve been touring for so long that I’m not really sure what to do with this much free time.”There was a hiss as Zatte opened the bottle on her soda, and she raised an eyebrow at Luffa’s words.    "I thought you and that referee…“Luffa looked confused for a moment, then she threw back her head and laughed.    "No, no, no,” she finally said.    "That was an angle.   Part of a storyline to make people think I had an unfair advantage.    It was kind of dumb, but sometimes you gotta do what the office wants to show 'em you’re a team player.“"Oh,” Zatte said, somewhat embarrassed.   “Well, it looked so convincing…”“Well that’s the idea,” Luffa said.   “Wait, have you been watching my matches?   I thought you didn’t go for that stuff.”“Well, Keda watches them all the time anyway,” Zatte explained.    "And she’s got that subscription to the on-demand service on the internet.    It’s about the only time we get to see you anymore, you know?   Even if it’s while you’re spitting green stuff all over people.“"Keda asked me to teach her how to do the poison mist,” Luffa said.   “I told her I couldn’t, because the recipe for the poison is too dangerous.  Merry Christmas.”“Thanks,” Zatte said.   She glanced around at the walls, imagining what they would look like with green food coloring on every surface.  "When are you gonna tell her the truth about all that stuff, anyway?“"What, that it’s fake?” Luffa asked with a smile.   “I dunno, she’s still pretty young.   I’ll tell her next year.”“That’s what you said last year,” Zatte said.   “I’d do it myself, but she wouldn’t believe me.    She’s a smart kid, you know.   Sooner or later, she’ll figure it out on her own, and that might be kind of awkward for you.”Luffa settled back in her chair and looked down at the empty cup in her hands.    "I don’t know, it’s cool to have someone I know who believes it’s all real,“ she said.   "I’ll have to give that up eventually, but it’s tough to let go.    You saw how excited she was when I came in.”“Yeah…” Zatte said.   She took a swig from her soda and propped her feet up on the ottoman that lay between their chairs, so that their ankles alternated in an orderly row across the cushion.“So are you really winning the title?”  Zatte asked after a long pause.   In spite of Luffa’s exhaustion, her eyes lit up at the question.“Keep it under your hat,” Luffa said, lowering her voice as though worried someone might overhear, “but maybe.    That show’s six weeks out, and a lot could change before then.    If someone gets injured or something, they might have to call an audible and change the card around.    But they definitely want to put the title on me at some point.”   She held up both hands and crossed her fingers for emphasis.“That’s great,” Zatte said.   “I mean, it is, right?   If the matches are predetermined, does the championship even matter?”“Oh, it’s a big honor,” Luffa said, visibly excited at the chance to explain it.  "I mean, it’s a secondary belt, and SPARKING! isn’t that big a promotion, but still.   It’s kind of like an actor winning an award.    The people in charge are saying they think I’m good enough to deserve that spot on the show.    I mean, two years ago I was still helping the crew put the ring together.    I still can’t believe it.“"I can,” Zatte said.   “You always put everything you have into whatever you do.   I always saw it when you worked here, so it doesn’t shock me that other people can see it in you now.”“I’ve missed this place,”  Luffa said wistfully.    "That’s the only trouble with being on tour so much.    I don’t get to cook as often.     I saw a place selling Christmas cakes on the way here and you’ve probably been selling them all month without me…“"Well, if you really want to,” Zatte said, “you could give us a hand in the kitchen tomorrow.   I mean, if you really didn’t have any other plans for Christmas Eve…”“Nope, I got nothing,” Luffa said.    "What about you?   Keda and I could keep an eye on the place so you can leave early.“  "We’re closing early anyway,” Zatte said.   “Business usually drops off pretty sharply on Christmas Eve night, so we might as well.   Besides, I can’t have you waiting tables with that crazy hair.    You’d scare the customers.”“Huh?   Oh, right,” Luffa said.   “You know, I’ve been wearing it like this for so long I’d gotten used to it.    You don’t like my look?”“It’s just… very bright,” Zatte said.    "It’s not so bad up close, when I can see your face better, but it almost doesn’t look like real hair.    It looks rough, like hay.“"It’s really not,” Luffa said.   She tugged on some of it to demonstrate.   “I don’t even put much stuff in it to make it stick up like it does.     Here, feel this.”  Zatte shrugged and moved to the seat beside Luffa’s, where she reached for the same part of her hair that Luffa was holding.   Their fingers brushed against each other, and neither of them seemed entirely sure how to react to the sensation.  “Huh…” Zatte said as she gently touched Luffa’s head.    "That’s not at all what I expected.“  "Yeah,” Luffa said, somewhat awkwardly.   “It’s not so different from that red streak you’ve got in your hair, I bet.”She reached out for the side of Zatte’s bob, and rubbed a strand of it between her fingers.   “Why are you blushing?” Luffa asked.    “Oh… uh, I probably stood up too quickly,” Zatte said.    “Oh…”They heard someone outside walking past the storefront, and suddenly became very self-conscious of holding onto each other’s hair, so they quickly let go, and looked away from each other.    “So uh…” Luffa said.    "If you’re not doing anything tomorrow night…“"I mean, I’ve got a reservation at Kentucky Fried Chicken, but that’s it, really,” Zatte said.    "Keda talked me into it.    Said I ought to do something, even if I was alone.   But if you wanted to come along…“"Sure,” Luffa said.    "I haven’t had KFC in ages.    And you know, it’d give me a chance to see the lights around town.“    "They’ve got a new thing at the mall,” Zatte said.    "Well, not new new.   It was there last year, but you wouldn’t have seen it then.“"That sounds fine,” Luffa said.   “Yeah.”*******Behind the front counter, Keda observed her sister and Luffa through the glass of the display case.    It wasn’t an ideal vantage, and she could barely hear what they were saying, but it was enough for her to get the gist of things, and so far things looked promising.  There were still a lot of things that could go wrong.   Long distance relationships were always a challenge, and the professional wrestling business wasn’t exactly known for fidelity, but these were factors Keda couldn’t control,  and at some point it would be up to the two of them to make things work as best they could.    It was enough that Keda had gotten them to this point– studying Luffa’s tour schedule, playing the eager fan, and providing Luffa a useful excuse to visit right before a romantic holiday.    Really, the only thing she had been worried about was that the two women would have seen through Keda’s “wrestling-is-real” act, but they were grown-ups, and they didn’t know an eleven-year-old from an seven-year-old, not when you really got down to it.Keda noticed Zatte reaching for Luffa’s hair a second time, and decided that was her cue to withdraw.   She was playing matchmaker, not spying on them, after all.     Besides, Keda would have to rest up for tomorrow so she could help out in the store tomorrow, in order to make sure neither of them were too tired for their date.    Quietly, Keda made her way back to the door that led to their second-story apartment.     As she  ascended the stair, she imagined how great things would be next Christmas, with a SPARKING! All-Pacific Champion in the family.    Maybe then, finally, Luffa would teach her how to spit Poison Mist.[THE END]  The bells on the door of the coffee shop jingled. It happened a lot, since it was eight in the morning, and the cafe was the closest one to campus. But they sounded slightly different, more shrill and ... well, gay. Yunho lifted his head from the essay he was grading and rolled his eyes.Tall, tanned, deliciously sexy, gayer than gay, and certifiable (not just self-proclaimed) genius, Shim Changmin sauntered through the cafe. His usual wardrobe consisted of bright colors, too short shorts (the man was all leg) and wild crazy fluffy jewelry. He had come to Yunho's class once wearing rainbow leg warmers and wings. Yes, wings.Today he looked almost professional. He wore fitted black slacks (still tighter than was strictly necessary), a bright purple button down. And a tie.The only time Yunho had ever seen Changmin wear a tie was four years ago when Yunho had to go rescue Changmin and he found him naked and tied to his headboard after a date had ditched him."Professor!" Changmin said and sat dramatically.They'd been friends for longer than Yunho thought possible, and besides his sister, Chanmgin was the only person Yunho could honestly say that he loved."Don't call me that, dickhead," Yunho said. His students would gasp hearing that word out of his mouth."Oh my god, I'm horny."Yunho rolled his eyes. "You're always horny. What happened with Heechul?"Changmin made a scandalized noise and looked at his nails. "That cretin said that his reflection was better looking than I was and as soon as he learned how to fuck his own ass, he was going to.""You're so crude.""You're so old."Changmin was reaching for his coffee and Yunho pulled it away.Changmin pouted."No," Yunho said. "Not after that crack.""But, hyung, you are old."Yunho grinned. "I am not. Thirty-six is not old. And I need it. I'm reading a bunch of nonsense on world economic advances in the fifteen hundreds.""Oh, god, your class is so dull. I'm glad I only needed one semester of economics."Yunho pulled out his wallet and handed Changmin a five. "Go get your coffee, dongsaeng. And then you'll tell me why you're all dressed up."Changmin's eyes lit up, and then he frowned. "Don't I look nice?""You look delectable. Now go."Changmin bounced out of his chair and pressed a kiss to Yunho's cheek. Yunho watched him walk away. Changmin was eight years younger than him. Ten years ago, they met at a bar that Changmin was only barely old enough to be in. They talked at the bar for a few hours, and Yunho was too dense to pick up Changmin's attempts at flirting and instead of going home together, they went home with other people, but still with each others' numbers. Yunho helped Changmin through his Bachelor's degree in Sociology, and Changmin helped Yunho through his graduate work in International Economics.Sometimes Yunho forgot about the age difference.And always, he wondered what would have happened if they had gone home together that first night.He watched Changmin smile and laugh with the barista. His drink order flit through Yunho's mind (grande soy latte with half a shot of vanilla and half a shot of raspberry and only a splash of chocolate, please, not enough to make it a mocha, and would you please mix all that together with an extra shot of espresso before adding the foam. And almost make it a cappuchino, not a wet cappuchino, but almost. Oh, and extra hot, please). The two of them had a sociology class together a couple years ago, Yunho remembered.As he stared, he wondered what it would be like to love Changmin, hold him and whisper things into his ear that made his skin shiver or tempt a burst of laughter from his mouth. It wasn't the first time Yunho had thoughts like these, but he knew they were impossible. He sort of wished the sight of Changmin made his heart race or his cheeks heat. There was just something missing between them, something that kept them as friends instead of lovers.They had slept together only once, and that was because Changmin wanted to try it out. Just to see. And it hadn't worked (they both got off and the sex had been intense because Changmin was a very active, needy lover) and the next day Changmin cracked a joke about Yunho being old, and it was like that night never happened.Changmin's coffee was done and he gave the barista another dazzling smile, that also made Yunho smile."I love how Jiyong makes my coffee," Changmin said, taking a sip. He sat down and crossed his unnaturally long legs."He's only trying to get into your pants," Yunho said. "Again."Changmin smirked. "If I didn't have anywhere to be, I'd take him up on that offer. God, I need to be fucked. I need a cock to stretch my ass wide and slam into me and--"Three things happened at once: a guy passing their table stumbled, a cup fell, and coffee covered the front of Changmin's purple shirt."Oh my god you bitch!" Changmin shouted and stood up quickly. "Ow, ow, ow."The guy muttered apologies and oh my god's and I didn't meant to's while trying to mop up the coffee with two napkins."What is your problem? Are you functionally disabled or something, seriously?"The kid's lips protruded out in a pout. He looked to be about twenty-two. "I'm sorry. I just ... you just ... I heard you talking and--I just--"Changmin rolled his eyes, but kept his eyes on his ruined shirt. "So you're completely stupid. Great.""Changmin," Yunho said sharply.Changmin met his eyes and Yunho nodded at the boy. Changmin looked at him, saw the tears brimming in his eyes. "Shit, I'm ... fuck. Sorry. Don't cry."Yunho smiled. Changminw as a dick and sarcastic, but he wasn't intentionally rude."It's just that this is my favorite nice shirt.""You mean gay shirt," Yunho said.Changmin shot him a glare."I'll pay for it," the kid said. "I'm really sorry.""It's okay, just ... shit, don't cry."Yunho handed Changmin a napkin, and Changmin handed it to the kid and he wiped his eyes, cheeks blushing adorably. Everything about him was adorable actually. He wore a pair of tight dreams that curved around his ass, and a blue striped collared shirt. His hair was dyed a light brown and spiked around his head. He had on black rims, and black earrings snaked up his ears. Yunho picked up on the strong gay vibe.It seemed that Changmin picked up on it too, because his concerned look morphed into a leer. "So you heard me talking about getting my ass fucked?"The kid swallowed and nodded."And?"Changmin lifted his hands and unbuttoned his shirt. The kid swallowed, eyes watching. Yunho glanced around and noticed that more than half the cafe was watching."Dongsaeng," Yunho said, warning.Changmin smiled, not looking away from the adorable kis. "My name is Changmin." He had three buttons undone and started untucking his shirt."J-Junsu.""Well, Junsu, my shirt is obviously ruined. And I'm going to need another one for my internship interview."Yunho almost spit out his coffee, but Changmin waved a hand at him, signifying Later. Yunho knew better than to ask without the signal. Sex usually came first with Changmin."Want to come to my place and help me pick one out? The interview is in an hour. I'm sure you can help me out before then." He finished unbuttoning his shirt and flipped it open, reveling his taut abs and firm chest.Junsu swallowed,eyes slightly wide. Yunho didn't blame him; Changmin was fucking sexy."S-sure."Changmin flashed Yunho a smile. He picked up his bag, but Junsu insisted on carrying it for him and Changmin took his crazy-complicated coffee, kissed Yunho's cheek and left with the cutie.Yunho grinned, his mood lightened as he continued grading papers.A couple hours later, Yunho's phone vibrated. He picked it up and went to his text messages.From Minnie: Junsu is a dancer. A dancer. God, his hips, hyung. The things he can do with those hips. Just ... oh, god, I can still feel him inside me. Oh, and the interview was great. The intership is in three months. Can you write me a recommendation?Yunho fought back a laugh and replied: Sure, but I'm sure Junsu can write a better one.From Minnie: Pervert. Sarangheyo. ♥♥♥Yunho sent back a similar text and went back to work.
“รับอะไรดีครับ” 
เสียงทุ้มนุ่มแปลกหูทำให้ชายหนุ่มที่กำลังก้มหน้าก้มตากดมือถือต้องเงยหน้าจากหน้าจอขึ้นมาสบตาพนักงานร้านกาแฟเจ้าประจำของเขา สิ่งแรกที่สะดุดตาลูคัสคือรอยยิ้มประดับใบหน้าเล็ก และตาเรียวที่โค้งเป็นจันทร์เสี้ยว ผมสีน้ำตาลอ่อนล้อแสงไฟนีออนในร้าน ดูเข้ากับเครื่องแบบสีเขียวเข้มและสีดำของร้านดี“…คุณลูกค้า?”อีกฝ่ายทวนอีกรอบ หางเสียงสูงขึ้นพร้อมกับรอยยิ้มที่จางลงเพราะความไม่แน่ใจทำให้ลูคัสต้องละสายตาจากใบหน้านั้นขึ้นไปมองเมนูที่เรียงรายอยู่เต็มฉากด้านหลังเคาท์เตอร์ ทั้งที่เขาก็มาร้านนี้แทบจะทุกวันจนสมัครสมาชิกร้านไปแล้ว“เอ่อ...” เหลือบสายตามองท่าทางรอคอย และปลายนิ้วที่รอจะกดจิ้มออเดอร์หน้าจอ ลูคัสมองผมสีน้ำตาลอ่อนนั้นแล้วก็พูดชื่อเมนูเครื่องดื่มออกมาเหมือนโดนสะกดจิต “...คาราเมลมัคคิอาโต้ แก้วกลางครับ”คนฟังยิ้มรับ “หวานปกตินะครับ”ลูคัสพยักหน้า “ไม่เอาวิปครีม”“โอเคครับ”ปลายนิ้วเรียวจิ้มหน้าจออยู่ไม่กี่ที ก่อนจะหันมายิ้มกว้างให้เขาอีกครั้ง“คุณลูกค้าชื่ออะไรครับ”“ลูคัส”“โอเคครับ คุณลูคัส” เว้นช่วงไปหยิบแก้วเปล่ากับปากกามาเขียนข้างแก้ว แล้วเงยหน้ามาอีกครั้งพร้อมกับขานราคา ลูคัสยื่นบัตรสมาชิกที่เติมเงินไว้เรียบร้อยให้ หลังจากรูดจ่ายเสร็จพนักงานก็ยื่นคืนให้เขา“รอที่เคาท์เตอร์รับเครื่องดื่มได้เลยครับ”ลูคัสรับมันมา เขาเหลือบมองป้ายชื่อที่ติดอยู่ที่อกอีกฝ่าย‘มาร์ค’    ลูกค้าประจำของร้านเดินงง ๆ มาหยุดตรงเคาท์เตอร์รอเครื่องดื่ม ลูกค้ามากหน้าหลายตายืนรออยู่เช่นกัน เขาเห็นบาริสต้าที่ตนคุ้นหน้ามือเป็นพัลวันวิ่งวุ่นอยู่ระหว่างเครื่องทำกาแฟกับเครื่องปั่น เข้า ๆ ออก ๆ ห้องเก็บของจนหัวหมุนแทนหนึ่งในนั้นเงยหน้ามาสบตากับเขา ลูคัสเลยเอ่ยทัก“พี่โดยอง สวัสดีครับ”คิมโดยองพยักหน้ารับ ซึ่งลูคัสก็ไม่ได้ว่าอะไร ดูสถานการณ์ตอนนี้แล้วการหันมาตอบเขาคงจะเสียเวลาน่าดู ชายหนุ่มรอเครื่องดื่มของตัวเองครู่เดียวก็ได้ยินเสียงขานชื่อ“คุณลูคัส”เขาเดินไปรับกาแฟสีน้ำตาลอ่อนที่ใส่นมเกือบครึ่งแก้วพลาสติก โดยองยิ้มกว้างให้เขา“ไง วันนี้ร้านยุ่งหน่อยนะ”“ไว้คุยกันก็ได้พี่ ผมนั่งในร้านอีกนานอะ”“ทำไรอะ”“นัดพี่จองอูมาคุยงาน”โดยองพยักหน้ารับรู้ เขาจึงขอตัวไปหาที่นั่งปกติลูคัสชอบนั่งที่นั่งที่ห่างจากเคาท์เตอร์ออกมาหน่อย เพราะเป็นส่วนตัวและไม่วุ่นวายไปด้วยลูกค้าที่เข้า ๆ ออก ๆ สั่งเครื่องดื่มหรืออาหาร หรือกลุ่มลูกค้าที่ยืนออรอรับของ ทว่าวันนี้ เมื่อลูคัสหันกลับไปแล้วยังเห็นมาร์คยืนยิ้มรับลูกค้าอยู่ เขาจึงเลือกที่นั่งที่เห็นเคาท์เตอร์ได้ชัดเจนกว่าพี่จองอูจะเข้ามาที่ร้าน กาแฟของเขาก็พร่องไปเกือบครึ่งแก้ว รุ่นพี่ที่สนิทฉีกยิ้มทันทีที่เห็นเขานั่งจองโต๊ะอยู่ เจ้าตัวรีบพุ่งมาวางข้าวของแล้วตบบ่าเขาเบา ๆ เป็นเชิงทักทาย“รอนานไหม”“ก็…” เขาส่งสายตาไปทางแก้วกาแฟ “นิดนึง”“โทษที” อีกฝ่ายยืนอยู่ข้างโต๊ะ ไม่ยอมนั่งสักที “มีเมนูแนะนำไหม”ลูคัสนึกไม่ออก ตอนนี้สายตาเขาพยายามเพ่งมองทะลุร่างสูง ๆ ของพี่จองอูไปดูที่เคาท์เตอร์ ชายหนุ่มเบี่ยงซ้ายเบี่ยงขวาจนคนเป็นรุ่นพี่หันมามอง“อะไร” ถามเสร็จก็หันไปทางเคาท์เตอร์ แล้วก็หันกลับมาหาเขา รอยยิ้มเจ้าเล่ห์วาดบนใบหน้าขาว “เฮ้ อย่าบอกนะว่าสนใจน้องคนนั้น”“อะไรเล่า” ลูคัสโวยวาย “นั่งสักทีสิพี่ ไม่งั้นก็ไปสั่งเครื่องดื่ม”จองอูหัวเราะหึ ๆ ในคอ ก่อนจะเดินตรงไปที่เคาท์เตอร์วิสัยทัศน์ของลูคัสไม่โดนบังแล้ว เขาเห็นมาร์คยิ้มกว้างให้จองอูที่เดินเข้าไปต่อแถวซื้อกาแฟ ก่อนจะเบิกตากว้างเมื่อรุ่นพี่เท้าแขนข้างหนึ่งลงกับเคาท์เตอร์แล้วขยับหน้าเข้าไปใกล้พนักงานตัวเล็กอย่างสนใจ“เฮ้ย”เขากำลังจะลุก ทว่าคิมโดยองโผล่มาจากไหนไม่รู้ ฉีกยิ้มกว้างให้จองอูทั้งที่แขนคว้าร่างมาร์คถอยไปอีกทาง“คุณจองอู รับอะไรดีครับ”พี่จองอูหัวเราะเบา ๆ แล้วหันมาทางเขาอย่างมีเลศนัย ก่อนจะหันกลับไปที่เคาท์เตอร์“มาร์ค”“…ครับ?”“ชื่อมาร์คเหรอ”เจ้าของชื่อพยักหน้าหงึกหงัก ท่าทางไร้เดียงสาไม่รับรู้ถึงความน่ากลัวของจองอูทำเอาลูคัสต้องลุกจากโต๊ะตรงไปที่เคาท์เตอร์ ขณะที่โดยองหรี่ตามองอย่างระแวดระวัง“พี่ จะสั่งอะไรก็เร็ว ๆ”จองอูหันมาเลิกคิ้วใส่เขา ก่อนจะเอ่ยเสียงนุ่ม“งั้นเอาอเมริกาโน่แล้วกัน”มาร์คพยักหน้ารับ “ครับ” หันไปแกะแขนโดยองออกอย่างสุภาพ แม้จะยังทำหน้างง ๆ อยู่ ก่อนจะดำเนินการบริการต่อไปเหมือนเมื่อครู่ไม่มีอะไรเกิดขึ้นโดยองยืนอยู่ด้านหลังมาร์ค สายตาสบเข้ากับลูคัสอย่างจัง จนเขาได้แต่หัวเราะแห้ง ๆ ใส่
ไอ้พี่จองอู
ลูคัสคาดโทษใส่รุ่นพี่อยู่ห่าง ๆ หลังจากได้รับกาแฟแล้วพวกเขาก็กลับมานั่งที่เดิม จองอูขยับเก้าอี้ที่ควรจะอยู่ตรงข้ามมานั่งข้างเขาแทน ทำให้พวกเขาเห็นเคาท์เตอร์ได้อย่างชัดเจน“…อะไรของพี่”“ก็อยากเห็นหน้าน้องมาร์คชัด ๆ ไง งงอะไร” อีกฝ่ายตอบตรง ๆ จนเขาแทบสำลักกาแฟ“พี่!”“ล้อเล่น แต่นายสนใจเขาจริง ๆ ใช่ไหม น้องคนนั้นอะ” จองอูพยักเพยิดไปทางพนักงานตัวเล็กที่ตอนนี้ว่างแล้ว แล้วกำลังคุยกับโดยอง “ฉันเพิ่งเคยเห็นหน้า เด็กใหม่เหรอ”“คงงั้น ยังไม่ได้คุยกับพี่โดยองเลย”จองอูยักไหล่ หันกลับไปทางเคาท์เตอร์ แล้วตะโกนถาม“เด็กใหม่เหรอ คุณโดยอง”โดยองหันควับมาทางพวกเขา ลูคัสได้แต่ส่ายหน้าปฏิเสธว่าตนไม่มีส่วนรู้เห็นกับการกระทำใด ๆ ของรุ่นพี่ข้างตัว โดยองเลยเดินจากเคาท์เตอร์มาที่โต๊ะพวกเขา“อะไรของพวกนายสองคน”สายตาเหมือนอยากจับพวกเขาโยนออกจากร้านทำเอาลูคัสใจไม่ดี เขาเหลือบไปมองจองอูที่ยังคงรอยยิ้มบนใบหน้า รุ่นพี่คนเก่งเอ่ยต่ออย่างไม่ยี่หระกับสถานการณ์ใด ๆ“พนักงานที่ชื่อมาร์ค น่ารักดี”โดยองหรี่ตา “ถ้าจะจีบล่ะก็ เชิญออกนอกร้านไปเลย”“ใจร้าย” จองอูหัวเราะเบา ๆ “แต่คนจะจีบไม่ใช่ฉันสักหน่อย หมอนี่ต่างหาก”โดยองมองตามมือจองอูมา ซึ่งแน่นอนว่าคือเขาที่นั่งเงียบ ๆ มาตลอด“อะไร”“อะไรล่ะพี่ ผมก็แค่...” ลูคัสที่โดนส่งบทมาแบบกะทันหันอึกอัก เขาเหลือบไปเห็นมาร์คผ่านไหล่โดยองไปพอดี อีกฝ่ายมองมาทางพวกเขาอย่างสนใจแต่ไม่ได้เข้ามาหา พอเห็นท่าทางอยากรู้อยากเห็นนั้นแล้วลูคัสก็เลยลดเสียงลงอย่างรวดเร็ว“…ผมแค่คิดว่า มาร์ค น่ารักดี”โดยองทำเสียงขึ้นจมูก “อย่าได้คิดเชียว” แล้วก็คาดโทษไว้ชุดใหญ่ก่อนเดินกลับไป ลูคัสมองตามจนโดยองกลับไปที่เคาท์เตอร์ เขาสบตาจองอูที่ยกอเมริกาโน่ขึ้นจิบหน้าตาเฉย เหมือนเมื่อครู่ไม่ได้กำลังจะมีเรื่องกับพนักงานในร้าน แล้วก็หันกลับไปทางมาร์คอีกครั้งประจวบเหมาะกับที่มาร์คมองเขาอยู่พอดี การประสานสายตาอีกครั้งทำให้พนักงานตัวเล็กยิ้มบาง ๆ ตอบเขามาลูคัสยกกาแฟขึ้นจิบ คิดในใจว่า กาแฟวันนี้หวานแปลก ๆ   หลังจากคุยงานกับจองอูเสร็จ คนเป็นรุ่นพี่ก็ขอตัวกลับก่อน ลูคัสมองกาแฟที่พร่องไปจนเกือบหมดแล้วก็หันไปมองเคาท์เตอร์อีกครั้ง มาร์คยังอยู่เขาตรงไปที่เคาท์เตอร์ “ขอชาสักแก้วได้ไหมครับ”พนักงานใหม่ยิ้มรับ “ได้ครับ เอาชาอะไรดี”“เอ่อ...” ลูคัสไม่แน่ใจเมนูชาของร้าน เขาอยากมองเมนู แต่ก็อยากมองหน้ามาร์คตรง ๆ มากกว่า เลยพูดออกไปว่า “อันไหนอร่อยบ้างครับ แนะนำมาเลย”มาร์คหลุดขำ “อร่อยทุกอย่างแหละครับ”“งั้นเอาเอิร์ลเกรย์ก็ได้ครับ เย็นนะ”“ได้เลย” อีกฝ่ายตอบรับ หยิบแก้วมาเขียนชื่อเมนู ขณะที่ลูคัสมอง“ไม่ถามชื่อแล้วเหรอครับ”มาร์คส่ายหน้า หันมาสบตาเขาพร้อมรอยยิ้มเล็ก ๆ“ไม่ต้องแล้วครับ จำได้แล้ว” อีกฝ่ายเว้นจังหวะไปเล็กน้อย ก่อนจะพูดออกมาอย่างชัดเจน “คุณลูคัส”ดูท่า ลูคัสคงต้องมาร้านนี้ทุกพัก ทุกวัน ซะแล้วล่ะ...      FINКиллиан как-то упустил момент, когда его номер телефона пошел по рукам. Как, впрочем, и момент, когда он свой номер вообще кому-то давал. Очевидно, со всей этой подготовкой к зимней сессии он много чего упустил, потому что, как бы там ни было, факт оставался фактом: в эту самую минуту, вместо того, чтобы высыпаться перед важным экзаменом по химии, он успокаивал пьяную девушку по телефону.— Он такой к-козел, ты бы только з-знал! — безутешно рыдала она в трубку, и Киллиан буквально видел, как она размазывает потекшую тушь по нарумяненным щекам. — Не-ненавижу его!— Да, не сомневаюсь, что он действительно настоящий козел, — сочувственно прошептал Джонс, тоскливо глядя на часы, показывавшие половину третьего ночи. Киллиан понятия не имел, кем была его собеседница и что сделал ее благоверный, чтобы заслужить такую нелестную оценку. Парень вообще не совсем понимал, почему все еще выслушивал ее пьяные бредни, а не сбросил вызов и не кинул чертов мобильник в чертову стену. Но отчего-то от одной только мысли о том, чтобы сделать это и бросить безутешную — и страшно пьяную — девушку один на один с ее проблемой, внутри все взбунтовалось.— Нет, т-ты не понимаешь! — девушка была на грани истерики. — Я залетела от не-него! От своего, мать твою, декана!— Декана?! — воскликнул он, прежде чем успел подумать. На соседней койке спал Дэвид, его сосед и лучший друг, и ему было совершенно необязательно знать об этом телефонном разговоре. К счастью, Дэйв и не думал просыпаться — лишь сильнее закутался в одеяло и перевернулся на другой бок. Джонс облегченно вздохнул и, вновь понизив тон до шепота, продолжил:— Как такое, черт возьми, произошло?— О, так ты не знаешь, откуда берутся дети? — иронично хохотнула она, громко икнув. — Так я тебе расскажу. Я трахалась с ним. Трахалась почти год. Год! И все было нормально! Твою мать…На том конце послышался грохот и громкое шебуршание. Затем последовали всхлипы. Киллиан лишь потрясенно молчал, ожидая, когда девушка немного успокоится и придет в себя. Прошла почти минута, прежде чем всхлипы на другом конце провода прекратились, и Джонс вновь услышал голос своей ночной собеседницы.— Я не знаю, что мне теперь делать, — призналась она, звуча растерянно и мало-мальски осознанно. — И я не знаю, зачем я позвонила. Господи, половина третьего! Ты, наверное, спал…— Брось, все нормально, — говорил Киллиан совершенно искренне. — Выслушать — это меньшее из того, что я могу для тебя сделать.— Мы ведь даже не знакомы, — рассмеялась она, но голос ее звучал грустно. — Ты и имени моего не знаешь…— Ну, это ведь поправимо, — усмехнулся Джонс. — Я Киллиан. А ты у нас…Девушка замолкла на мгновение, очевидно, взвешивая все за и против, но все же ответила:— Белль.***Они договорились встретиться в «Панифицио» в субботу в десять.При встрече выяснилось, что Белль совершенно не такая, какой Киллиан представлял ее во время их ночного разговора по телефону: вместо знойной брюнетки, которая могла затащить в постель любого одним только взмахом ресниц, перед ним предстала миловидная девушка, едва ли тянущая на третьекурсницу факультета журналистики. Она была красива, она была мила и определенно вызывала симпатию. Но на девушку, способную переспать с деканом за, скажем, зачет, она явно не тянула.Вслух, впрочем, Киллиан этого не сказал.— На самом деле странно это все началось, — начала Белль свой рассказ, крепче обхватив чашку с кофе руками. — Он курировал мой проект на городской конкурс, и поначалу дальше этого не заходило… А потом все как-то резко закрутилось, завертелось, и вот мы уже еженедельно вместе проводим пятничный вечер за бокалом красного вина и занимаемся сексом у него в кабинете по средам.Девушка опустила глаза, неуютно поежившись под пристальным взглядом голубых глаз Киллиана. Они помолчали мгновение, и он, наконец, спросил:— Ты рассказала ему про ребенка?Белль посмотрела на него так, словно он был умалишенным, снисходительно при этом улыбнувшись.— Как ты думаешь, почему я тогда так напилась, м? — невесело ответила она и скривилась. — Он сказал делать аборт.— Мудак, — с чувством сказал Киллиан. Девушка рассмеялась.— Не то слово, — она снова опустила глаза и, пораздумав немного, добавила:— Только не буду я аборт делать. Не дождется.Белль умолкла, собираясь с мыслями, и внезапно Киллиан увидел ее совершенно в другом свете: да, возможно, она не была сексуальной брюнеткой. Но она была в стократ лучше. Маленькая и растерянная, она все же твердо решила стоять на своем. Потому что так было правильно. Джонс на сто процентов был уверен — делала она это именно поэтому. Не из мести или желания насолить, а потому, что искренне считала это решение единственным верным.Киллиан невольно ей восхитился.— Знаешь, — сказал он внезапно, — если ты готова, а ты совершенно точно готова, то ты делаешь все правильно. Твоему ребенку заведомо повезло с мамой.Белль просияла, благодарно ему улыбнувшись, и Киллиан не смог не улыбнуться в ответ. Ну как тут не улыбнешься новому другу?Они просидели там еще часа три, болтая обо всем на свете, уминая десерты и заливая их какао. Белль оказалась очень начитанным и интересным собеседником, забавной и по-настоящему доброй. И Киллиан в общем-то был благодарен тому неизвестному, давшему Белль его номер.Кстати, об этом.— А, все хотел спросить, — спохватился Киллиан, когда они подходили к ее дому, — откуда у тебя мой номер? Неужели набрала совершенно случайно?— Ах, это, — Белль покачала головой, рассмеявшись. — Мне его друг дал.— Друг? — Джонс изумленно моргнул.— Ага, — загадочная улыбка расцвела на ее лице. — Эмма. Она работает в кофейне на Бойлстон стрит.Кофейня на Бойлстон стрит, ну конечно. До Киллиана внезапно дошло.***Киллиан любил «Джей.Пи.Ликс» на Бойлстон стрит куда больше вечно забитого «Старбакса». Цены ниже, десерты вкусней, да и в последнем было не так уютно, если честно. Он проводил здесь много времени, особенно перед сессиями — кофейня работала допоздна, поэтому Джонс без всяких проблем мог засесть там за учебниками по анатомии и латыни до самого закрытия, не переживая, что его оттуда попрут. Кроме того, в «Джей.Пи.Ликс» его прекрасно знали. И он прекрасно знал всех. Всех до единого. В том числе и зеленоглазую Эмму, работающую в кофейне уже третий месяц.Он никогда не обращал на нее внимания — в большей степени потому, что чаще всего приходил в кофейню именно заниматься. Но сказать, что он не замечал ее — смех один.Он очень даже замечал.Она, вероятно, могла бы выступить в качестве его любовного интереса, если бы: а) он не был студентом-медиком, у которого не было времени даже на сон, не то что на отношения; б) она бы проявила хоть капельку заинтересованности к нему. Глупо, конечно, но, когда девушка смотрит на тебя вечно насмешливо и действительно не проявляет к тебе никакого интереса, тратить время на бесплодные попытки не больно-то хочется. Тем более что время Киллиан очень ценил.Но дело не в этом!Удивительно, что Киллиан даже не подумал, что слить его номер Белль могла именно Эмма, вечно равнодушная Эмма, за неделю до всего этого просившая его номер телефона. Еще более удивительным было то, что свой номер он ей тогда так и не дал. Возникает вопрос.Где она его взяла?Ради ответа на этот вопрос он ждал девушку у служебного входа до самого, мать его, закрытия. Сегодня было воскресенье, и — Киллиан это знал точно — сегодня была очередь Эммы закрывать кафе. Чего Джонс не знал, так это того, что у девушки при себе был перцовый баллончик, и она была очень даже не против его на нем опробовать.— Твою мать! — Джонс взвыл от боли, когда Свон обрушила на него полбутылька, не меньше, жгучего раствора. Он инстинктивно отшатнулся, хватаясь за больное место, — коим в его случае было все его лицо — и против воли отступил, споткнувшись и рухнув прямо в сугроб.— О Боже мой! — воскликнула в ответ Эмма, выронив из рук злосчастный бутылек, и кинулась на помощь потерпевшему. — Ты как?— Ты брызнула мне в лицо экстрактом жгучего перца и спрашиваешь, как я?! — заорал он, пытаясь разлепить глаза. — Чудесно, спасибо!— Ты меня напугал, что еще мне было делать! — воскликнула она в ответ, болезненно морщась. — Черт, тебе нужно в больницу…— Не нужно в больницу! — вновь заорал Джонс, да так, что Эмма отскочила. — Черт, я сам справлюсь, дай мне немного времени.Эмма закивала и помогла Киллиану встать. Недолго думая, девушка вытащила из кармана пуховика ключи и открыла дверь.— Пойдем, — позвала она, крепко хватая его под руку. — Угощу тебя примирительным кофе.***Часы показывали четверть первого, когда Киллиан сумел-таки разлепить глаза полностью. Правда, это мало что дало: перед ним до сих пор все плыло, сфокусироваться было крайне трудно. Теперь Киллиан отдаленно представлял, что чувствовал Хан Соло после того, как его вытащили из карбонита.— Ну, как ты? — перед ним возникло подозрительно довольное лицо девушки. Джонс растеряно моргнул и вздрогнул, когда перед ним с громким стуком поставили большущую чашку латте. Он благодарно кивнул.— Вместо черного пятна, вижу белое, — пожал он плечами, аккуратно делая глоток. — Хороший знак.       — Очень на это надеюсь, — фыркнула Эмма, усаживаясь рядом. — Не хочу быть ответственна за твою слепоту.— Ни капли не удивлен, — фыркнул Киллиан в ответ. — Особенно учитывая то, что за мою тройку по химии ты уже ответственна.— Не поняла, — Джонс буквально почувствовал ее озадаченность, увидел нахмуренные брови, изумление в зеленых глазах. И улыбнулся, делая еще один глоток горячего напитка.— Из-за того, что кое-кто дал кое-кому мой номер, я не спал полночи, — начал перечислять он, — и, следовательно, не выспался. Невыспавшийся пришел на экзамен, плохо его написал. Ну и чья это вина?— Она тебе позвонила, — сокрушенно покачала головой Свон. — Вот же черт.Киллиан активно заморгал, стараясь рассмотреть лицо сидящей перед ним девушки. С трудом сфокусировав взгляд, Джонс с изумлением отметил, что лицо у Эммы было более чем озадаченное, разочарование плескалось в глазах. И выглядела она действительно виноватой.— Я не совсем понимаю, — медленно начал он, — разве ты не для этого дала Белль мой номер?— Ну… Для этого, — пожала она плечами и отвернулась, глядя на проезжающие мимо машины. — Но, честно говоря, я пожалела о своем решении почти в ту же секунду. Не стоило мне лезть.— Тогда зачем?..— Чтобы отвадить ее от этого старого извращенца! — взмахнула она руками сокрушенно. — Я знала, что из этой их интрижки ничего не выйдет — Голд тот еще урод! Я хотела переключить ее на какого-нибудь симпатичного парня, чтобы она забыла про своего старикашку, пока не дошло до чего-нибудь типа…— Типа ее беременности, — закончил за Эмму Киллиан. Та кивнула и глубоко вздохнула.— Да, типа ее беременности, — признала она. — Я пыталась до этого, но ничего не добилась — только себе неприятностей нажила.— Какого рода? — с нескрываемым любопытством спросил Киллиан. Эмма передернула плечом.— Меня отчислили.— Чего-о?— Ага, вот и я о том же, — кивнула девушка. — А я ведь только поговорить пришла! И этот старый урод отчислил меня! Я была вне себя от ярости, поэтому и пошла на эту авантюру с твоим номером!Эмма встала со стула и принялась мерить комнату шагами. Киллиан, чье зрение немного прояснилось, зачарованно наблюдал за ней, поймав себя на мысли, что выглядела девушка сейчас на редкость привлекательно: зеленые глаза горели праведным гневом, щеки алели от избытка эмоций, а взъерошенные после шапки волосы, которые она так безуспешно пыталась пригладить, в свете ламп отливали золотом. И Джонс действительно не мог отвести от нее глаз.— Не хочешь ему отомстить? — внезапно предложил он. Эмма остановилась, и гнев в ее глазах сменился интересом.— А у тебя есть идеи?Киллиан улыбнулся.***Это было абсолютно глупо. И совершенно по-детски. Но тогда это почему-то казалось им хорошей идеей. Впрочем, и после мало что изменилось — идея все еще казалась им отличной.Вероятно, так и случается, когда два идиота встречают друг друга.Так или иначе на дворе был третий час ночи, когда парочка, продрогшая до костей и едва соображавшая от холода, добралась до дома Голда в Бикон Хилле. Правда, добраться до дома декана глубокой ночью было меньшей из их проблем — куда сложнее было пробраться на территорию его дома, окруженного высоким забором.— Как думаешь, у него есть сторожевые собаки? — задумчиво спросил Киллиан, удобней устраиваясь на верхушке каменного забора, и протянул руку Эмме, желая помочь ей забраться. Девушка фыркнула и предложение помощи отвергла, с легкостью забравшись наверх самостоятельно.— А зачем ему? Он сам по себе злой пес, — хохотнула Свон, с изяществом кошки прыгнув вниз. — Если не хуже.— Вот как, — нахмурился Джонс и, бросив сумку с баллончиками девушке, последовал за ней. Правда, так же изящно приземлиться не получилось — он во второй раз за ночь оказался в сугробе. Эмма сдавленно хихикнула и, перекинув сумку через плечо, поспешила ему на помощь. Киллиан в ответ лишь кивнул, и парочка поспешила вглубь огромного сада. Следующей их целью был гараж.— Слушай, мне тут подумалось, — начал вдруг Киллиан, нервно оглядываясь, — а что если он включает на ночь сигнализацию?— Ты на что это намекаешь? — вскинула брови Эмма. — Идея, заметь, твоя!— Я не отрицаю, но…— Слушай, — Эмма резко остановилась, поворачиваясь лицом к Джонсу. — Если ты предлагаешь все бросить и повернуть назад — валяй. Я тебя не держу. Но я с намеченного пути сворачивать не собираюсь, так что…— Еще чего, — ощетинился Джонс в ответ. — Я тебя тут не брошу. Пошли.Эмма, довольно улыбнувшись, безропотно последовала за ним.По саду они блуждали еще часа два, не меньше. Ну, им по крайней мере так казалось. От холода им едва удавалось переставлять ноги, и думать не удавалось ни о чем, кроме того, как бы побыстрее оказаться дома, залезть в горячую ванну и не вылезать оттуда до тех пор, пока кожа на ладошках не станет похожей на изюм. Идея казалась Киллиану настолько замечательной, что он уже буквально чувствовал, как вода ласкает его кожу, видел хитрую улыбку и слышал заливистый смех одной небезызвестной блондинки, в его мечтах почему-то составлявшей ему компанию в время этих его «водных процедур».Мысль эта поразила его, как гром среди ясного неба. Джонс тайком глянул на идущую рядом девушку, словно опасаясь, что она могла прочесть его мысли, и про себя дал себе оплеуху. О чем он вообще думал? Они знакомы без года неделю! Кроме того, место и время для этого совершенно не те: задний двор злющего декана явно не лучшее место для сексуальных фантазий.Да и вообще…— Думаю, мы пришли, — прошептала Эмма неуверенно, указывая на небольшую каменную пристройку, судя по всему, выполнявшую в этом доме функцию гаража. Выдернутый из раздумий Киллиан рассеяно пожал плечами. — Дверь выходит прямо на главные ворота, так что, вероятно, внутри мы найдем охеренно дорогую машину моего бывшего декана…— Так. И как же мы проберемся внутрь? — Джонс поправил шарф и вопросительно глянул на девушку. Та задумчиво нахмурилась и, обойдя пристройку, поманила его к себе.Внутрь вело маленькое окошечко, открывавшееся, по мнению Киллиана, с возмутительной легкостью.Оказалось, это действительно был гараж. И внутри действительно стояла охеренно дорогая машина ее бывшего декана. На мгновение ему даже стало жаль расписывать ее всякого рода непристойностями. Жалость, впрочем, ушла тут же, стоило Джонсу вспомнить, кем был владелец этого шикарного «Порше» и что он, собственно, сделал. Тогда он без колебаний достал из сумки баллончик с желтой краской. С дьявольской улыбкой на лице Эмма сделала то же самое.Парочка принялась за дело.***То, что их не поймали, было ничем иным, как чудом. Киллиан никогда не отличался пессимистичностью, но, признаться, все время, что они с Эммой находились в гараже Голда, расписываяая его драгоценный во всех смыслах «Порше» гадостями, он ждал, что дверь, ведущая в дом, вот-вот откроется, и в гараж ворвется сам хозяин автомобиля в компании сторожевой собаки и как минимум двух отрядов полицейских. Или на худой конец сработает сигнализация, и, опять же, их сеанс рисования прервет разъяренный, как черт, Голд.Но сигнализация так и не сработала, а сон у старикашки оказался на удивление крепким. Так что парочке вандалов удалось завершить начатое и безнаказанно свалить с места преступления. И теперь с злорадством наблюдать за тем, как студенты бостонского журфака, словно пчелы в улье, оживленно обсуждают написанное на машине их декана.— Признаться, я не думал, что у него хватит смелости приехать так на работу, — фыркнул Джонс, вглядываясь в оживленную толпу.— Я тоже, — Эмма сделала глоток кофе из его кружки и невинно улыбнулась в ответ на его возмущение. — Но, согласись, это тем не менее просто уморительно.— Бесспорно, — признал Киллиан, с улыбкой глядя на девушку. Та сияла, как начищенный пятак, и с воодушевлением наблюдала за оживлением бывших однокурсников. В толпе мелькали знакомые лица, в том числе и лица двух ее закадычных подруг — Руби и Белль. Руби, с лица которой не сходила широкая улыбка, увидев за столиком Эмму, помахала ей рукой и, схватив под локоть недовольно бурчащую что-то Белль, поспешила к ней.— Ты видела? — возбужденно спросила Руби, садясь рядом со Свон и попутно доставая из кармана пальто мобильник. Белль, явно не разделявшая воодушевления подруги, присела рядом с Киллианом.— Видела что? — улыбнулась Эмма, напустив самый невинный вид, на который была способна. Белль подозрительно прищурилась.Без лишних слов Руби протянула подруге телефон. Все попытки Свон оставаться невозмутимой рухнули в одночасье, стоило ей увидеть фотографию — она рассмеялась так громко и заразительно, что приступ смеха накрыл и парочку каких-то ребят. Очевидно, тоже хорошо знакомых с мистером Голдом. Джонс фыркнул.— Нет, ты определенно должен это видеть, — выдавила Эмма, показывая ему фотографию, на которой был запечатлен сам декан, яростно пытающийся пресечь попытку сфотографировать его бедную машину. Лицо у него было искажено гневом, — он разве что не пылал, как Аид из одного небезызвестного диснеевского мультика — но в кадр все равно попала часть надписи.
Самый большой в мире мудак.
В итоге не выдержал и Киллиан.— Не вижу в этом ничего смешного, — буркнула внезапно Белль, с неудовольствием наблюдавшая за тем, как ее друзья покатываются со смеху от увиденного. Эмма скептически на нее глянула.— О, серьезно? — фыркнула она. — А по-моему, очень смешно.— Кроме того, — вклинилась Руби, — это меньшее из того, что он заслуживает за то, что сделал с тобой!Вся троица согласно закивала.— Но, — внезапно Руби переключила все свое внимание на сидевшего напротив Джонса, — давайте-ка на мгновение забудем о этом злобном старикане и познакомим Руби Лукас с этим очаровательным незнакомцем.Эмма нахмурилась, наблюдая за тем, как подруга протягивает Джонсу руку, а тот, в свою очередь, с завидным энтузиазмом пожимает ее.— Очень приятно, Руби Лукас, — широко улыбнулся он. — Я Киллиан Джонс.— Мм, Киллиан, — Лукас повела бровью, томно улыбаясь в ответ. — Не дашь мне свой номер?— О, нет, это не ко мне, — внезапно серьезно сказал Киллиан, засобиравшись. — За этим, пожалуйста, к Эмме — она за это ответственная.Свон густо покраснела, буравя Джонса взглядом, которым можно убивать. Хмурившаяся до этого момента Белль, впервые с начала разговора громко рассмеялась. Киллиан снисходительно улыбнулся.— Попроси у нее хорошенько, — доверительно шепнул — шепнул так, чтобы Эмма непременно услышала — Джонс Руби напоследок. — Быть может, она и тебе мой номер даст.Брошенная Эммой пачка салфеток так и не достигла своей цели. Выходя из кофейни, Киллиан благодарил бога за то, что она не кинула в него что-нибудь потяжелее.***Уилл Скарлетт вообще-то был отличным парнем — отзывчивым, честным, добрым. И очень агрессивным, если дело касалось Белль Френч.Киллиан, к своему несчастью, имел возможность испытать это на себе.На самом деле Джонс и подумать не мог, что их с Белль отношения со стороны могли казаться чем-то большим, чем просто дружбой. Конечно, за последние пару месяцев они очень сдружились, и как друг и будущий врач Киллиан старался оказывать всестороннюю поддержку беременной подруге. Кто же думал, что это будет выглядеть несколько… провокационно. Особенно в глазах по уши влюбленного в девушку Уилла.Собственно говоря, только в его глазах дружба Джонса с Белль выглядела провакационно. И ему это ой как не нравилось.Молчать он по этому поводу, к слову, и не думал.— А ну-ка стой, подонок! — когда слышишь такое в половине двенадцатого ночи, будучи единственным прохожим на плохо освещенной улице, волей-неволей дернешься. Вот Киллиан и дернулся.Скарлетт, очевидно, просто хотел хорошенько припугнуть своего воображаемого соперника и явно не ожидал, что тот даст отпор. Со всей силы. Прямо по носу.— Твою мать, чувак! — взвыл Скарлетт, и Киллиан отшатнулся, когда у его ног оказалось это… тело. Уилл корчился от боли, изо всех сил стараясь остановить идущую из носа кровь. Джонс тут же кинулся к нему, отдаленно думая, что, вероятно, он сам выглядел точно так же, когда Эмма зарядила содержимым перцового баллончика ему в лицо, и благодаря господа бога за то, что не вырубил этого прашивца.— Нет, твою мать! — заорал Киллиан в ответ, доставая из пальто пачку бумажных платков. — Какого хрена ты творишь? Ты кто вообще такой?!— Твоя проблема, козел! — прогнусавил Уилл, но бумажный платок все же принял. Джонс раздраженно вздохнул, помогая своей «проблеме» встать на ноги.— И чем же я обязан твоему появлению, о проблема?— Не включай дурачка! — разозлился незадачливый мститель и даже было едва не кинулся на Киллиана снова, но тот пресек попытку.— Никого я не включаю, сопляк, — прошипел Киллиан, хватая Скарлетта за края куртки и хорошенько его встряхивая. У паренька едва искры из глаз не посыпались. — Либо ты говоришь мне, что тебе от меня надо, либо я за себя не отвечаю!— Да все ты знаешь! — заорал Уилл, вырываясь из крепкой хватки соперника. — Хочешь воспользоваться положением беззащитной девушки, да? Так вот, слушай, что я тебе скажу: только через мой труп!Джонс, признаться, даже оторопел сначала. Что за бред этот сумасшедший вообще нес?— Ты ведь в курсе, что твой труп я в состоянии устроить? — рассеяно спросил он, и Скарлетт даже побледнел. Тогда Киллиан попытался исправится:— Забудь. Лучше скажи мне, чьим положением я решил воспользоваться?— Все ты… — начал было Уилл, но, увидев выражение лица Джонса, мгновенно исправился. — Белль!Вот тут Киллиан и впрямь оторопел.— Белль? — спросил он удивленно. — А она здесь причем?Скарлетт раздарженно фыркнул, вытерев остатки крови и болезненно поморщившись. Взгляд его все еще не предвещал Киллиану ничего хорошего, хоть действовать парень больше не спешил.— А притом, — ответил он. — Она и без того доверчивая очень, а тут и беременность эта. Она нуждается в крепком мужском плече…— Которое очень даже не прочь предложить ей ты, я правильно понимаю? — ухмыльнулся Джонс, до которого постепенно начало доходить. Парень мучительно покраснел. — Слушай… как там тебя?— Уилл, — недовольно буркнул Скарлетт в ответ.— Уилл, — кивнул Киллиан, продолжая: — Мы с Белль друзья, не более того. Да и даже если и не просто друзья… Господи, как тебе вообще в голову пришел этот бред? С чего ты взял, что я «решил воспользоваться положением»?!Уилл покраснел еще сильнее и отвел взгляд. До него тоже начала доходить абсурдность ситуации, в которую он попал, — которую он заварил! — и он виновато опустил голову. Киллиан тяжело вздохнул.— Слушай, если тебе так нравится Белль, то ты бы действовал, что ли, — буркнул Джонс, — а не ухажеров ее мифических истреблял.— Да понял я уже, что зря на тебя кинулся, — отмахнулся Скарлетт раздраженно. — Извини.— Понял он. Тоже мне, — фыркнул Киллиан, изучающе глядя на мальчишку. — Ты действительно хочешь помочь?Уилл с готовностью закивал.— Что мне нужно делать?— Задействовать свои способности журналиста. Ты ведь у нас будущий журналист? — и снова кивок. — Отлично. Тогда мне нужно, чтобы ты кое-что написал…***Новость о том, что Голда сместили с поста декана распространилась по факультету журналистики Бостонского университета со скоростью лесного пожара. Не обсуждал ее только разве что ленивый: отставка декана, несмотря на всю свою скандальность, была окутана тайной. Причины такого распоряжения сверху никто точно не знал, отчего будущие журналисты, писатели и фантазеры по своей натуре, строили тысячи версий и догадок.Правду знали, пожалуй, только трое.Белль безумно переживала по этому поводу, хоть и испытала невероятное облегчение оттого, что Голд, принесший ей так много боли, больше не будет мозолить ей глаза. Она не имела ни малейшего понятия, что ждало ее саму и ее еще не родившегося малыша в будущем, но по крайней мере груз прошлого она оставила позади — с Голдом было покончено окончательно.Правда, кому она была этим обязана, доподлинно Белль не знала.Эмма Свон же не знала вообще ни о чем, и обязанность просвятить ее взял на себя, конечно же, Киллиан. Ему определенно было, что ей сказать.— Ну привет, красавица, — Эмма вздрогнула, услышав голос — хоть и такой знакомый — за спиной. Свон резко обернулась и со всей силы шлепнула Киллиана подносом по плечу.— Джонс, мать твою! — прошипела она. Киллиан в ответ лишь рассмеялся. — Напугал!— Это моя тебе месть, — довольно улыбнулся Джонс, демонстративно обмахиваясь конвертом, который держал в руках. — Не звонишь, не пишешь… Даже мне такой возможности не даешь — номером своим не делишься! А я, может быть, соскучился…— Чего тебе надо, черт ты эдакий? — закатила глаза девушка, обходя стоящего на ее пути Джонса. Тот, в свою очередь, последовал за ней, продолжая загадочно обмахиваться конвертом.— У меня для тебя новость, — неопределенно сказал Киллиан и на этот раз протянул конверт ей. Эмма глянула на него с подозрением.— Что это? — спросила она, хмурясь. Киллиан пожал плечами.— Открой и узнаешь.Свон потянулась за конвертом, собираясь забрать его, но Киллиан внезапно отдернул руку, спрятав ее за спиной, и хитро улыбнулся. Эмма удивленно моргнула.— Какого черта, Киллиан? — воскликнула она раздраженно. — Как я, по-твоему, должна узнать, что за новость ты жаждешь мне рассказать, если ты не отдаешь мне чертов конверт?— О, я отдам его, — заверил подругу Джонс. — Но прежде позволь задать тебе вопрос.— Валяй?— Кто все-таки дал тебе мой номер?Эмма опешила, изумленно глядя на Киллиана и силясь понять — серьезно он сейчас говорил или нет.— Да ладно? — покачала она головой, изумленно улыбаясь. — Столько времени прошло, какая уж теперь разница?— Ты хочешь, чтобы я отдал тебе конверт? — Киллиан оставался непреклонен. Эмма вздохнула, мысленно извинившись перед человеком, которому обещала унести их общую тайну в могилу, и нехотя сказала:— Друг твой, Дэвид. Это он дал мне твой номер.Киллиан завис на мгновение, а затем раздраженно вздохнул. Дэвид, ну конечно.
— Чувак, она попросила твой номер!

— Дэвид, отвали.
Киллиану действительно стоило догадаться, кто к этому причастен. Он закатил глаза, но конверт Эмме все же отдал. Она лишь иронично улыбнулась в ответ, разрывая бумагу и доставая оттуда аккуратно сложенный листок.На мгновение между ними повисло молчание. Свон сосредоточенно вчитывалась в написанное и, очевидно, не могла поверить в реальность происходящего. За долю секунды изумление на ее лице сменил искренний восторг и неописуемое счастье. Эмма даже запищала от радости и, не сумев-таки удержать себя в руках, кинулась Киллиану на шею.— Боже мой, боже мой, боже мой! — повторяла она, прижимаясь к Джонсу так сильно, как только могла. — Как?— Ну, скажем так, — рассмеялся Киллиан, обнимая девушку в ответ, — нашлась парочка доброжелателей, сообщивших руководству ВУЗа о том, каким нерадивым был декан у местного журфака.Внезапно Эмма перестала визжать от радости и отстранилась. По лицу блуждало неприкрытое беспокойство.— А Белль… — начала она осторожно, но Киллиан отрицательно покачал головой.— Белль в этой истории никак не замешана, — уверил Джонс Эмму. — Ее его смещение никак не коснулось. А тебе повезло.— Повезло! — взмахнула она руками, вновь широко улыбаясь. — Меня восстановили в университете — это не просто везение! Господи…— Можно просто Киллиан, — хохотнул Джонс, отмахиваясь. Эмма шутливо толкнула его в плечо.— Даже не знаю, как тебя за это благодарить.— Есть у меня пара мыслей на этот счет, — задумчиво протянул Киллиан, улыбнувшись. Свон понимающе кивнула и, прежде чем он успел сказать еще хоть слово, выпалила:— Сходишь с Руби на свидание?Киллиан замер, словно громом пораженный. Предложение было явно не из разряда того, чего он ожидал получить в награду. Но она так умоляюще на на него смотрела, что Джонсу ничего другого не оставалось, кроме как согласиться.Он, признаться честно, не мог отказать ей в принципе.***Вряд ли это можно было назвать свиданием. Даже встречей двух друзей их посиделки можно было назвать с натяжкой. Нет, Киллиан хорошо относился к Руби, как, впрочем, и она к нему, но это все было… странно.Они оба не понимали, почему согласились на это. И обоим было до жуткого неловко.— Так, выходит, у тебя размолвка с твоим парнем, — протянул Киллиан задумчиво, вглядываясь в полупустой стакан с кофе. — И поэтому я здесь. Он должен приревновать?— Мне действительно очень неловко, — виновато улыбнулась Руби, опустив глаза. — Это глупая затея. Поверить не могу, что Эмма втянула в это тебя.— Что не сделаешь для друзей, — усмехнулся Джонс. — Ну, и кто же этот счастливчик.— О, он из ваших, — мечтательно улыбнулась Руби и, заметив замешательство собеседника, поспешила уточнить:— Врач.Киллиан кивнул, нахмурившись. Если это кто-то из его университета или, того хуже, с его курса, то ему крепко влетит, когда об их с Руби маленькой хитрости узнают. Но что не сделаешь ради друзей, верно?Что не сделаешь ради Эммы.Дверь в кафе открылась и с улицы потянуло холодом. Джонс поежился, обхватив чашку с кофе, желая согреться, когда Лукас схватила его за руки, подавшись ближе к нему.— Он здесь, — шепнула девушка, растянув алые губы в подобии игривой улыбки. Киллиан оторопел.— Кто здесь?Руби незаметно кивнула головой в сторону компании вошедших в помещение студентов-медиков. Джонс повернулся в их сторону, желая рассмотреть объект воздыханий девушки, когда кто-то очень злой со всей силы ударил ладонями по их столу. Парочка вздрогнула.— А что это тут у нас происходит?Киллиан замер на месте, узнав голос.— Да твою же мать, — пробормотал он, тяжело вздыхая. Вот так и делай добрые дела — получишь потом по голове за свои добрые намерения. Да еще и не от абы кого, а от Виктора, мать его, Вейла.— Джонс, — тон пятикурсника Бостонской медицинской академии не предвещал Киллиан ничего хорошего. Да тот, впрочем, и не ждал. — Выйдем на минуточку?— Виктор, — попыталась образумить возлюбленного Руби, но тот лишь отмахнулся.— Помолчи, Руби, мы сами разберемся.— Да, помолчи, Руби, — повторил за Вейлом Киллиан, вставая. — И раздобудь мне примирительный кофе и лед. Безо льда, боюсь, мне никак не обойтись.Руби ойкнула.***— Боже мой, кто тебя так?Киллиан недовольно засопел в ответ на, казалось бы, такой невинный вопрос. Эмма выглядела крайне виноватой, и, черт возьми, ей действительно стоило! Это ведь, в конце концов, была целиком и полностью ее идея.— Парень твоей подружки, — начал Киллиан, — не только одаренный хирург, но и хороший боксер. Ты знала?Белль, переглянувшись с Эммой, удивленно спросила:— Вейл? Как ты вообще с ним пересекся?Джонс мельком взглянул на болезненно поморщившуюся при виде его синяка на пол лица Эмму и нехотя ответил:— Это долгая и трагическая история о том, как я помогал другу.— Девчонка заставила помочь? — съехидничал сидящий рядом с Белль — рядом со своей девушкой — Уилл, за что тут же получил каблуком аккурат по мизинцу на левой ноге. Киллиан так же ехидно улыбнулся и благодарно кивнул беременной подруге.— Советую приложить лед к пострадавшему пальцу, — без капли жалости посоветовал Джонс.— Я прослежу, — заверила его Белль, поднимаясь с насиженного места и утягивая за собой Скарлетта. Парочка засобиралась, и вскоре Эмма и Киллиан остались наедине.Эмма сочувственно покачала головой.— Сильно он тебя приложил…— Жить буду, — сухо прокомментировал Киллиан. Свон вздохнула.— Мне жаль.— Еще бы тебе не было!— Ну не знала я, что так все получится! — взмахнула Эмма руками. — Кто бы мог подумать, что Вейл вызовет тебя на дуэль.Тут девушка сдавленно хихикнула, и у Киллиана едва пар из ушей не пошел от возмущения.— Тебе еще и смешно? — прошипел он, сощурив здоровый глаз, отчего Эмма рассмеялась еще громче.— Прости, — сквозь смех выдавила она. — Хочешь я принесу тебе примирительный кофе?— Лучше одолжи мне свой телефон, — буркнул он, будучи все еще жутко на нее обиженным. — Мне нужно Дэвиду позвонить, а свой я оставил дома.Эмма, ни секунды не раздумывая, выполнила его просьбу. Спустя минуту в кармане Джонса раздался звонок, и Свон непонимающе уставилась на друга.— Погоди, что…— Сегодня вечером у кинотеатра в семь, — победно улыбнулся ей Киллиан. — Если что, я тебе позвоню. Теперь и у меня есть твой номер.
11:50 AM
"Minho-ah can you do me a favor?"Minho turned to look at Seunghoon."Sure hyung,what is it?"He asked.Seunghoon rubbed his neck."Can you hold down the fort for a couple of hours?"Minho was slightly surprised but nodded."Sure I can."He replied."Why,what happened?""Family emergency."Seunghoon explained
8:40 AM
"Oh,you're here again."Felix nodded as walked up to the front desk where Chan was standing."Yeah I decided that it couldn't hurt to come back."He said."Why?Did you not expect me to come back here?"Chan shrugged."I guess I didn't."He admitted."You just don't seem like the coffee type."
     Coffee is what made them a family.
 
     It sounds like a sad attempt at a marketing scheme, but it’s true. Had they not all been at the same place at the same time, working side by side, they would never have found one another. They would never have shared the dream that kept them going. 
 
     It started with Loki and Thor. Loki was the owner/manager of a shitty little coffee shop. He was an older guy, older than the rest of the employees by at least a decade or two, but he played pranks and amused himself almost like a child. Thor was just his meathead nephew. Or cousin. Or something. They were 

actually

 related somehow and that’s all anybody really knew. Thor was usually sweet enough, but when his temper flared, he could do some serious damage. And no one knew how to push his buttons quite like Loki. Hiring Forseti when they did was less a choice, and more a necessity. His diligence, mediation skills, and even-temperedness earned them their first regular customers, though even he was unable to resolve the quarreling relatives’ disputes. 
 
     After a particularly egregious outburst on Thor’s part involving a display case and Loki’s face, Járnsaxa joined the team. Thor got kicked back into the kitchen, where at least customers wouldn’t have to see the carnage if he and Loki had another row, and Járnsaxa took turns making drinks and manning the register with Forseti. She hadn’t had a “real job” before that, and she was rough around the edges, but she was steadfast and smart. In only a few months’ time, the teamwork between the four grew seamless despite their individual dysfunctionality. Járnsaxa made drinks and did as little of the talking as possible, content to be busy with her hands. Forseti manned the register and did all of the talking for everyone. Thor proved his merit repeatedly in the kitchen, even coming up with new and exciting menu items. Loki schmoozed with customers and investors alike, helped out in the front or the kitchen when necessary, and spent a lot of time scheming. What exactly he was up to, nobody really knew. They didn’t much care, either, as long as the shop stayed open and they kept getting paid.
 
     Their customer base ballooned. They were less a hole-in-the-wall now. They were “up-and-coming” according to one reviewer. Things were changing rapidly. Járnsaxa and Forseti were getting overwhelmed at the counter. Thor, whose behavioral problems had started to finally subside, smashed a microwave in his frustration as he repeatedly became unable to fulfill all of the orders. Loki was losing the trust of his clients and funders by the second. 
 
      They were both relieved and wary when Sif was hired.
 
      Forseti was first in line for the manager position when Loki decided to focus solely on the business side of things, trying to keep up their connections and their finances. He took on the job with trepidation, but soon showed he was not only worthy, but excelling. Sif took over the register. Her soft smile and gentle voice made damn near every customer’s day. She was always pleasant, always polite, and the half-masked sadness behind her eyes kept a steady stream of tips and words of encouragement going throughout the day. She was still aloof with the other employees, and they didn’t like that much. Forseti was the one who came up with “family dinner”, as they came to call it. Every Thursday night, after closing, they’d sit and share a meal together. It was a time to build up team morale, get to know each other, and learn to fit another person into their semi-dysfunctional little group.

     “So, girlie,” Járnsaxa had said around a mouthful of food, “what’s your sob story?” Sif blinked those storm-grey eyes.

     “Sob story?” she repeated.

     “Yeah. Like, the thing that made you end up working at a dingy little place like this.”

     “Hey, it’s not dingy!” Loki defended. “At least, not anymore.” Járnsaxa waved a dismissive hand.

     “Whatever. So what’s the story?”
 
     Sif fiddled with her rings.

     “Well, I’m from the countryside. My parents died when I was young, so I grew up on my grandparents’ farm. As they got older, I did a lot of the work myself, but they’d always left the finances to my uncle. He stole a lot of money from us. We ended up bankrupt. Had to sell the farm just to pay off the debts. Now they live with one of my cousins. They want to come out here to live with me but they’d just be cramped in a tiny apartment. And even with two jobs I can’t pay the rent for an entire apartment by myself. I live with four other girls right now. And not because you’re not paying me well,” she added hurriedly, “because you are. I know you pay me way more than most in this line of work. It’s just… not enough for me 

and

 my grandparents. So my grandma sells jewelry and blankets online to try and earn their keep at my cousin’s. I don’t think they know I send most of my pay to them anyway.” She sighed a little. The other four exchanged wide-eyed glances. Forseti wrapped an arm over her shoulders.

     “Hey, it’s okay. We get it. We’ve all got sob stories of our own.”

     “Yeah! I mean, obviously not as tragic, but I was gonna be an Olympic fencer. I got injured and can’t anymore. Now I just work here ‘cause I don’t have anything better to do.” Loki rolled his eyes.

     “Thank you, Járnsaxa. Glad to know this place is just a hobby for you.”

     “I’ve made it clear a million times: this is temporary. Just until I find my calling. Then I’m outta here,” she explained, more for Sif’s benefit than anything else. Loki waved his hand.

    “Whatever. I only ended up opening this stupid place out of sheer luck. Right place, right time.” He smirked. “This is the most successful I’ve been at something my whole life, so I guess for once I made a wise investment.”

     “I worked at a lumber yard growing up,” Thor piped up. “Then I got recruited by the military. Got discharged and now I work here. I compete in Strong Man competitions sometimes and run the strength test at the annual Renaissance Faire, but that’s about it.”



     “You’re welcome for the job, by the way.”

     “Loki, shut 

up

!” 

     “Guys, please! No fighting at the table, come on!” Forseti cried.

     “What about you?” Sif asked. “What’s your story?”
 
     Forseti blushed, suddenly shy.

    “Well, I used to be a guidance counselor. But that job is very stressful. I was trying to help dozens of kids make crucial life decisions, and I was also in charge of the peer mediation program, which can get very intense once you start getting to the bottom of 

why

 children cause problems. Some of them had such terrible home lives…” He trailed off, then shook his head to clear it. “Anyway, I barely made it five years before I quit. I’d rather deal with people yelling at me over coffee orders I didn’t even make all day.”

     “Why do they always yell at the register folks and the managers, though? Like, it’s the barista- me- that makes the drinks, shouldn’t they just yell at me when I fuck up?”

     “They probably would if you weren’t absolutely terrifying,” Loki drawled, sipping on his (very spiked) coffee. 

      “What’s that supposed to mean?!” Járnsaxa demanded.

     “You’re six feet tall, built like a tree trunk, and talk like a truck driver. Do the math.”

     “I DON’T TALK LIKE A FUCKIN’ TRUCK DRIVER, YOU FLAMING PIECE A SHIT!”

    “Guys, 

please

! One meal! Just one meal without fighting, that’s all I ask!”
 
    So it went. Every Thursday, for months and months and months, they ate dinner together and bonded. Sif started opening up. She was gentle and kind, but firm. She was unperturbed by Loki’s pranks or by Járnsaxa’s rough nature, by Thor’s aggression or Forseti’s timidity. She was adaptable and dependable. She balanced each of the other four perfectly. And at times, the sadness behind her eyes dissipated, revealing a lively glow. She told the lifelong city dwellers stories about her childhood in the country. She was a good storyteller. She personally took the lead on getting Loki and Thor to source their ingredients locally whenever possible, encouraged Forseti to adopt a pet, and entertained Járnsaxa’s interest in farmwork and agriculture as a potential career path.

    “Y’know, Sif, if you wanted to move back to the country some day, I’d come with you,” she said during one family dinner. Sif looked up from her plate, surprised.

     “Really?”



     “Yeah! I mean, you said it yourself, it’s almost impossible to run a farm with fruits, vegetables, and animals totally by yourself. You’d need some help. And I think I’m suited for it. I’m strong and I like physical work. I like animals, too. And I wouldn’t really need to talk to anyone, so no scaring away customers. I think it’d be great!” She gasped. “Oh, we could get a little cottage with windchimes on the porch and make jams in the winter, it’d be so cute!” Forseti sighed longingly.

      “That’s the dream. I’d love to plant flowers in a little greenhouse. A quiet life in the country sure sounds a lot better than the city…”

      “I could chop so much wood!” Thor said. “I could do all the maintenance work. I could even build your grandparents a guest cottage on the property!”

      “Sure would put your temper tantrums to good use,” Loki mumbled. Thor shot him a glare. “Anyway, you’d probably need somebody to run the business side of it. I haven’t ruined the coffee shop yet so I’d probably be okay with a farm. And while I’m a sleezy guy, I’m not a fuckin’ scumbag like your uncle. You’d have access to all the finances, I’d just make sure they go where they’re supposed to.”
 
     Sif looked at each of them. All wayward people, brought together by random happenstance, dreaming about a future together. 

     “I-If you’re serious about this, then… we could make it happen.” She swallowed a lump in her throat. “I haven’t been able to save much, and at this rate I’ll never be able to buy that kind of land on my own. But with five of us pitching in-”

     “And selling off what’s quickly becoming a wildly successful coffee shop-” Loki included.

     “-it could work,” Sif finished. “Not today, not tomorrow, but someday.”

    “Someday,” they agreed.
 
     That “someday” ended up being eight more years. The coffee shop became 

fancy

 thanks to Sif’s insistence on using locally sourced ingredients, which attracted a younger, richer crowd than they were used to. The crew grew as more people were hired, and eventually they upgraded to a larger space nearby, which allowed for more seating, and more customers. The staff rotated frequently, as it tends to go in food service, but the Core Five remained. By the time Loki was ready to sell the business, they had made a huge name for themselves, and had even started selling merchandise. Contracts were written, money exchanged, and in a whirlwind of activity, Loki and Sif shared a quiet moment. 

     “I want to show you something,” he’d said, inviting her into his office. On his computer was a real estate listing. “Is this your old farm?”

      “Yes,” she breathed, stunned.

      “It’s for sale. For this price, we’d have enough left over to renovate the house so it’ll be big enough for everyone. Including your grandparents.” She covered her mouth, understanding exactly where this conversation was going. “Would you like to buy back the family farm?”
 
     They did the renovations before they moved. They wanted everything to be ready before Sif’s grandparents moved in with them. It would be too stressful to live in an active construction project, and Sif was adamant that it look as much like the home they remembered as possible when they arrived. Three more bedrooms and an extra bathroom and a half were added. The kitchen was expanded, and Thor added a big awning to the extended porch so they could sit in the shade on hot days. It was hard work, but before they knew it, moving day came. All five stood on the street together, arms wrapped around each other, the moving trucks waiting in the driveway to be unpacked. Sif’s eyes glittered with tears.

     “We made it,” she whispered.

     “We made it!” the others chorused. 
